Jee Won Kang
3711 Campus Drive APT 139 College Park, MD
4439447487 | jwk1151@gmail.com

EDUCATION
University of Maryland College Park (Dual Degree)
Cumulative GPA: 3.7
Anticipated Fall 2018
• B.S. Physiology and Neurobiology
• B.S. in Computer Science
Relevant Courses:
• Object Oriented Programming I & II, Introduction to Computer Systems, Discrete Structures,
How Do Innovators Think?

Languages and Technologies
§ Languages: Java, C
§ Programs: Eclipse, Android Studio, MATLAB, LaTeX, LabChart

Projects
Projects can be found at my github: github.com/jeekang
Turnt Tower (2016):
• Independently developed an android app to augment the block tower game, Jenga.
• App features an attractive, user-friendly interface.
• Language: Java, Android
Java-Based DNA template strand Transcription/Translation (2016):
• Built a program using Java that takes an input nucleotide sequence and returns the
complementary strand, mRNA sequence, reading frame (if one exists) and amino acid sequence.
Independent Undergraduate Research Project (2016):
• Part of the Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology at the University of Maryland.
• Working with meta-genomic analysis algorithms and finding limitations of existing programs.
• Details to be determined, first meeting with team on September 21st

Achievements
§
§
§
§

Received Integrated Life Sciences Honors College Citation (2014)
Received Presidential Scholarship at the University of Maryland (Fall 2012 – Spring 2016)
Scored in the 94th percentile in the MCATs (Jan 2015)
6 semesters on the Dean’s List

Experience
Affective and Translational Neuroscience Laboratory
College Park, MD
Research Assistant
Fall 2013- Spring 2015
• Brainstormed ideas for trial stages such as how to track social habits/movements of subjects.
• Front-end experience: briefed and debriefed study participants.
• Worked with the psychology clinic at University of Maryland using Titanium and Excel to manage
patient DSM-5 data.
• Assisted in running clinical trials involving the fMRI at Maryland Neuroimaging Center.

\n
Yaw Owusu Appiah



Experience Summary

Qualified and clearable Oracle Database 12c/11g/10g/9i DBA

More than 10 years managing and working with leading edge projects that require experience on diverse OLTP and Big Data environments

Team player with proven expertise in IT training and education as well as experience in Programming, Linux Administration, Oracle Database Administration, ASM Setup, Oracle RAC 10g/11g/12c , and Data Guard implementation for real time disaster Recovery

Skilled in leading other DBAs in database projects within different methodologies like DevOps

Experience leveraging COTS and GOTS products for large organizations in both the private and government sectors

Highly exposed to Big Data environments and has excellent skills in upgrade and migrations, applying quarterly patches etc.

Versatile in establishing client relationships for understanding their business processes, user tasks & goals; analyzing and defining requirements to ensure efficient and cost-saving technological solutions to meet and exceed client needs

Experienced in automating database creation through Oracle response files and through Linux shell scripts

Versed in oracle management tools and utilities like Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid, asmca, srvctl and crsctl

Performance tuning techniques comprises of savvy usage of indexes, tablespace compression, I/O minimizations through hardware RAID and other load balancing techniques.

Well exposed to Oracle Engineered Systems like ODA (Oracle Data Appliance) and has experience leveraging such systems to meet challenging and evolving client data needs.

Core Competencies

Technical Training

Oracle 11g/10g/12c database administration on UNIX Systems (Solaris, AIX, Linux)

Linux/UNIX administration

Shell Scripting

Capacity Planning

Systems Integration

Oracle Performance Tuning

PL/SQL Programming

Technical Documentation

Technical Leadership

Cloud Computing

Work Experience:

Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC)				           December 2012 - Present

Lead Oracle Database Administrator

Key Work Experience:

Lead the development of custom shell scripts for monitoring specific databases for the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services under the Department of Homeland Security

Led in the automation of database security audits conducted by the Security Team at SAIC. This effort cut database security auditing time by over 50% and relieved several hours of routine DBA and security staff work.

Build SOPs and implement Oracle migrations to 11gR2 and 12c; migration activities touch the Oracle Clusterware, Automatic Storage Management layer and other Operating System areas

Support Oracle related deployment effort for the USCIS Electronic Immigration System project (ELIS).  Support activities include performance tuning exercises, backup and recovery, RAC installations and upgrades, patching, replication and disaster recovery, scripting, data loading, and data reporting

Provide support to DBAs on how to use and maintain customer scripts developed for database housekeeping tasks (Backup and Recovery, Shutdown maintenance work etc.)



Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, Alexandria, VA			           December 2012 - Present

Lead Oracle DBA / Linux Instructor

Key Work Experience:

Led DBAs in migrating various Oracle versions from Windows to the Linux platform

Evaluated and provided technical recommendations on business continuity solutions for the MSRB Data Management teams; evaluated replication solutions like GoldenGate and Streams

Led DBAs in automating various manual routines like DB backup and recovery, data pump activities; overall helped relieve DBA time by over 30%

Designed and implemented custom data change tracking routines for all Database systems at the MSRB; Database auditing is now at the highest at the MSRB.  All DB changes are tracked and reported to upper management through savvy custom reports.Establish and maintain information security standards and procedures in compliance with DHS, USCG, and DIA risk management policies, standards and guidelines

Trained the MSRB technical staff on the Linux platform; this includes developers, operations staff, middle management and DBAs for the whole organization

Advised the MSRB on database management techniques, strategies and best practices; documented and trained DBAs on my accepted recommendations

Provided technical leadership in evaluating Oracle Data Appliance through on-site Proof-of-Concept exercises



MITRE Corporation, McLean, VA								        2008 - 2011

Senior Oracle Database Administrator

Key Work Experience:

Installed and configured Oracle 11g R1 RAC using NetApp & NFS for storage, conducted bi-weekly cold backups using Linux lvm snapshot and NetApp snapshot for disaster recovery to offsite locationEvaluated and provided technical recommendations on business continuity solutions for the MSRB Data Management teams; evaluated replication solutions like GoldenGate and Streams.

Configured Oracle database server to connect to non-Oracle systems like Hadoop, MS SQL server and MySQL databases in a fully heterogeneous environment

Upgraded Oracle 11gR1 to 11gR2

Performed disaster recovery and provided recommendations to senior management for implementation

Performed database performance tuning activities using tools like ADDM reports and SQL tuning advisors

Supported research efforts in Oracle replication technologies like Data Guard

Automated database administration routines, e.g. backup and recovery, data pump export/import activities, schema refresh from different sources, creation and disk usage monitoring

Designed and implemented Oracle user audit collection and led the DBA team by architecting data flows to the presentation tiers for senior management

Analyzed database research results and documented findings

Supported Oracle research work conducted at various airline partners through Mitre’s 

aviation initiatives

Supported research efforts with very large databases like AsterData, Greenplum and Teradata



Chaveran Inc., Bowie, MD									        2006 - 2013

Part-time Technical Instructor

Key Work Experience:

Trained students in UNIX and LINUX platforms administration

Trained students in installing and configuring Oracle ASM and the Oracle RAC stack

Assisted in writing technical manuals for on-site Linux Administrators

Assisted in developing training material for interns

Designed and maintained student mail, SSH Jumpbox and web servers

Assisted in building and maintaining the Chaveran cloud through various virtualizations

Installed and configured Red Hat file servers and other Linux appliances

Installed and configured Linux firewalls for client using iptables and bind

Developed hardware requirements specification and assisted in other sizing activities



Saba Software, Inc., Baltimore, MD								        2006 - 2008

Technical Consultant/Oracle Developer

Key Work Experience:

Assisted clients in problem identification, in database system architecture problems, in software specifications writing, in software implementation, in testing, and in deployment

Technical Highlights:

FDIC THINQ-to-Saba data migration technical lead with a high risk clearance.  Led in the design and implementation of FDIC’s data migration effort from THINQ to Saba.

Supported Yum Brands in architectural designs of their data migration processes

Assisted in data migration for Enbridge Gas Distribution based in Canada

Served as technical lead for a Saba engagement at Northrop Grumman Corporation.

Supported client in Saba installations and in Oracle data migration

Supported ATK in their Oracle performance tuning efforts using explain plans, AWR and ADDM reports

Mentored junior consultants through Saba’s employee mentorship program.



Washington Baltimore High Index Drug Trafficking Area, Greenbelt, MD			        2001 - 2006

Database Administrator/Developer

Key Work Experience:

Assisted in the development of backend database stored procedures needed by middle tiers

Worked extensively with classic ASP and Access reporting tools like pivot tables

Conducted demos and training sessions needed to use released products

Worked with content management systems like Drupal and Mambo

Assisted with web development projects using PHP

Developed a database application for tracking web logs

Helped create frontend interfaces for controlling applications

Extensively dealt with schema design and data modeling using tools like Oracle Data Modeler

Conducted demos and trained personnel in using this visual basic application



University of Maryland, College Park, Maryland			      				     2001

Linux/Network Administrator

Key Work Experience:

Supported student network setup and assisted in network problem shooting

Assisted with network deployment and troubleshooting

Configured student private routers and other network devices

Trained students in using network resources on campus

Worked on a team to help students install Linux workstations



Skills:



SQL Language

Linux Shell Scripting

PL/SQL

MySQL/PostgreSQL Database

Oracle Data Guard

Perl Scripting

Windows OS

Oracle ASM

Exposed to Greenplum, Netezza and Hadoop

Linux LAN/WAN Networking

Object Oriented Programming (OOP) Concepts

GNU/Linux OS – Red Hat and Debian

C++, C and Java

TCP/IP Networking

SQL Loader

Pervasive Map Designer

Joomla CMS

Oracle SQL Developer

SQL Data Modeler

Oracle 12c Cloud Control

Quest Toad

Quest Spotlight/Foglight

Oracle RMAN

Adobe Fireworks, Dreamweaver

Microsoft Office, Visio

Virtual Box, VMware, Xen





Education:

Masters of Science in Information Systems - 2012

University of Maryland, Baltimore County

Bachelor of Science, Computer Science - 2006

University of Maryland, College Park

Bachelor of Arts, Economics – 2006

University of Maryland, College Park



Clearance & Certifications:

Public Trust Level 3 with FBI Background Investigation

Oracle Certified Professional

Oracle Certified Associate

Red Hat Certified Technician



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Yaw Owusu Appiah	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 2 of 5\n
Dimitri  Richardson

    114 Division St Neptune, NJ 07753
    Phone: 732-614-0217 E-Mail: Dimitri.richardson@gmail.com











Experience

Smart Tuition 	June-August 2015

Summer Internship; manage accounts for private schools across the country. A customer service assistant, in which answered questions from the parents and school and worked along side the school and other account mangers



Laz Parking 	May 2013-August 2015

Parking Attendant in charge of the collection of fees for parking at three-beach side customer parking facilities. Handled financial transactions



Wendy’s	July 2011-May 2012

Cashier, responsibilities included greeting customers, submitting orders, and operating the cash register.  Demonstrated customer service, problem-solving and computer skills. Assisted in opening and closing the store. 

National Leadership Forum: Law & CSI                              July 2010 

Experienced the full range of professions that exist in legal and forensic science fields. Explored in-depth, in the entire judicial process, from crime, through collecting and analyzing critical evidence. 

Examine a court case in the Supreme Court Stimulation. 

Took part in a legal career experience in a courthouse 

Jersey Shore University Medical Center                            August 2010

Volunteer at JSUMC, assisting caregiver, assistance in clerical tasks, worked at the information desk, mail room and billing department.











Education

Xavier University 	2012-2013

Volunteer/member of Xavier University Black Student Association

Member of Track and Field team

Member of Xavier University club football team 

West Virginia University 	2014- Present 

Current Finance student in the College of Business and Economics

Graduation Date: May 2017













	

2\n
3412 Tulane Dr. #31

VARSHA PURSWANI
Hyattsville, Maryland (MD) 20783 (301-318-6065)
https://www/linkedin.com/in/varsha022

varsha.purswani@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Dec 2016
Master of Science in Information Systems , G.P.A 3.9
Related Coursework: Data Mining and Predictive Analytics, Data Models and Decisions, Business Process
Analysis, Strategic and Transformational IT, Database Management Systems, Digital Business Markets
Shri Govindram Seksaria Institute of Technology and Science, Indore, India
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering

May 2012

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SAP Labs India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore, India
Jun 2012 – July 2015
Software Developer
§ Collaborated with customers on business needs and translated them into technical requirements producing
a software requirement specification.
§ Consulted for an Italian client on implementation of SAP Fashion Management Solution (FMS) for
critical business scenarios resulting in smooth launch.
§ Designed the data model for SAP FMS Order Allocation Run (A-Run) and enabled its execution on SAP
HANA database platform resulting in performance improvement 10 times the baseline.
§ Led a start-up company in creating an Supply Chain Management (SCM) analytics application using SAP
HANA database platform.
PROJECTS
Aug 2015 – Dec 2015
§ Database Management Systems : Designed relational database for a virtual client by defining logical
model using Entity Relationship diagram and physical model using SQL
§ Digitization in Freelancing : Collated data and created reports on an online freelancing platform Upwork
and analyzed its strategic and transformational impact on society
§ Business Process Analysis : Leading a scrum team of five to develop a reporting mobile app
demonstrating health statistics of an individual
§ Firm Analysis (Mapbox) : Gathered information about a start up Mapbox and analysed its business
domain, sources of competitive advantage, industry dynamics and strategic drivers of performance.
§ Google Analytics : Leading a team of four to improve a client’s website and increase its click through
rate using Google Analytics and Google Adwords.
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
University of Maryland
Aug 2015 – Dec 2015
§ Managed marketing of events as a Student Ambassador at The Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center.
§ Volunteered for Kids Enjoy Exercise Now (KEEN) in providing recreational opportunities to a group of
20 children with physical and mental disabilities.
SGSITS Technical and Cultural Events
May 2011 – Dec 2011
§ Facilitated Office of Career Services in smooth execution of placement process for 500 students
§ Supervised budgeting, script writing and compering of three major events in college’s cultural festival.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
§ Languages : R, ABAP, JAVA, C, SQL PHP, HTML, CSS, XML
§ Tools : Tableau, Palisade Tools Excel(Stat Tools, @RISK, Precision Tree, Solver Table), MS Visio,
MS Office, Salesforce.com, Oracle10g ,MySql, SAP HANA, Google Analytics, Google Adwords,Linux

\n
Kane Baccigalupi
935 Scenic Place
Pleasant Hill, CA 94523
Mobile: 510-228-9669

Skill Summary:
Expert technical advisor with over 10 years experience as a CTO and expert consultant. Team
leader dedicated to advancing and developing team members. Champion for organizational
diversity and its benefits to business objectives. Business strategist focused on using technical
innovation to move organizations quickly towards their objectives. Mentor, writer and speaker.
Data driven decision maker focused on user research and customer validation. Public servant
dedicated to bringing the best innovations from the private sector into government.

Experience:
Innovation Strategist, 18F, GSA
September 2015 - present
GSA's 18F is an IT innovation agency for the federal government. Worked on the strategy team,
offering technical advice and hands-on support for moving agencies and their projects to better
practices and outcomes.
Legacy Modernization, Lead:
Educated 18F leadership and staff about common patterns for legacy modernization. Crafted
plans for Alaska and Missouri Medicaid related modernizations, starting with deep technical dive
with 18F team members, a three-month prototyping vendor contract and concluding in modular
procurement plan. Rebuilt technical and product strategy for Health and Human Services,
Unaccompanied Children Program software modernization effor, switching from database
encapsulation to transformation.
US Census Bureau, Engagement Lead:
Acted as a bridge between engineering teams and Census top leadership, introducing product
development processes and improving agile practices for the 2020 internet data collection
application. Lead discovery, improved software design practices, crafted a two day engineering
design workshop. Worked with CIO and Deputy Director to address the highest risk issues for
the decennial survey: cloud infrastructure and IT governance.
Environmental Protection Agency, E-Enterprise Program, Engineering Strategist:
Co-lead discovery for Combined Air Emissions Reporting. Crafted a data architecture that would
allow state and federal program managers to understand the data reporting and query it for their
own separate needs. Taught a two day agile workshop that bridged the gap between state and

EPA needs. Guided EPA towards low​-risk, high-return solutions that could be completed within
a month and establish trust with state participants.

Lead Agile Consultant, Ministry of Velocity
December 2014 - August 2015
Worked on engagements lasting from one day to six months, advising company leadership on
building or rebuilding both their IT organization and their core software products.
Lead a one​-day working session with engineering leadership at an enterprise SaaS company to
tackle system instability, leading to data architecture solution that increased uptime. Provided
expert technical and organizational advice to CEO/Founder of food delivery startup that was
transitioning from a hastily built prototype to a scalable, customizable solution. Performed
hands​-on engineering and mentoring for two enterprise SaaS companies struggling with legacy
code issues. Improved agile software practices, increased velocity, and re​-architected failing
systems and applications.
Acting Director, gSchool, Galvanize Inc.
August 2014 - November 2014
Increased operational efficiency of the web education school, while the company acquired the
Zipfian academy and merged with the new University of New Haven backed masters program in
data science. Oversaw instructions, admissions and student outcomes during the transition.
Reduced instructor costs by 30% and increased facility utilization at Boulder campus via
concurrent classes. Launched San Francisco instruction campus, creating curriculum and
leading instruction at the first web development six month course. Reorganized school-wide
roles to increase efficiency, and improve instructor retention. Streamlined admissions from
scattered ad hoc processes into a comprehensive system tracking leads to conclusion. Built a
system of soft and hard metrics for estimating student success, removing bias from the
admissions process and increasing diversity.
Chief Technical Officer, SocialChorus Inc.
November 2012 - July 2014
Transformed a brittle, monolithic legacy application into a high-performance, service-oriented
architecture. Converted low-velocity, high-attrition engineering culture into a happy productive
work environment. Crafted the product that became company's top competitive advantage via
better user-interviews, user-testing and great agile practices.
Product:

Crafted the user-focused, real-time advocate experience that became the top competitive
advantage for the company. Designed product via user interviews, rapid build-out of a working
prototype, and finally an on-time, 6-week, agile execution plan. Enhanced agile process via
stricter story processes, company-wide retrospectives and user-focused practices.
Engineering:
Transformed a stagnating, legacy application into a robust service-oriented architecture driving
both scale and development speed. Separated administrative facing application from advocate
facing application. Crafted high-performance services for tracking click traffic of promoted
advocate content. Authored over 6 open source libraries including a mobile first front-end
framework, and a framework for developing and deploying services.
Team Building:
Replaced existing small engineering team with a new group of ten dedicated developers, a
Director of Engineering and QA staff. Rebuilt the product team. Created a successful internship
program with graduates who converted to team leads. Improved engineering and company
culture with a focus on problem solving and striving for practical best practices.
Senior Agile Consultant, Blazing Cloud
November 2011 - November 2012
Advised several companies about refining and improving development and agile practices to
increase velocity. Blazing Cloud was acquired by Indiegogo in 2013.
Recruited and interviewed developer talent from intern to senior level with talents in Ruby,
Javascript and Objective-C. Mentored interns, built internal company best practices, and
advised on internal business and product decisions. Lead technical direction and product
management on graphically intense mobile first application in HTML and Javascript.
Architect, Cohuman Inc.
October 2009 - August 2011
Second employee at SaaS company that was acquired acquired by MindJet and is currently
offered as MindJet Connect as their task management solution. Planned and developed
scalable features for a project management application with complex permissions and
notifications systems. Designed an OAuth authenticated API.
Chief Technical Officer, Clerkdogs, Inc.
February 2009 - October 2009
Worked with CEO to build a combination of flexible options for movie recommendations:
turn-key, whitelist solutions; data consumption via API and export. Data was acquired by Netflix
in early 2010.

Transformed rough, untested prototype into two user facing applications: one for admin and one
for consumers. Consumer application was a modular, composable application that could be
graphically skinned to match company look and feel, and could be customized with components
according to needs and costs. Hired and managed remote team. Pioneered agile practices and
testing to increase velocity and stability.
Lead Developer, Integral Impressions
May 2008 - January 2009
Crafted a content management system sufficiently flexible that the company could rapidly build
informational client websites, allowing the customer to add pages and customize content.
Managed and hired remote contract team of engineers and infrastructure architects. Built and
supervised hand​crafted custom infrastructure and deployment scripts for web solutions. Lead
engineering on larger custom web solutions with highly customized product and engineering
needs.
Founder & Chief Technical Officer, GPC, Inc.
May 2005 - January 2008
Managed all aspects of the business: hiring contract labor, generating documentary content,
getting press in national publications and developing software. Created web application solution
for showcasing documentary video content in a variety of formats and sizes with the flexibility to
adjust rapidly for best product market fit. Built a service oriented suite of custom database
applications for scheduling and managing contract video production staff and interviewees.
Scaled infrastructure to allow thousands of simultaneous streaming connections for special
events. Crafted security architecture capable of storing important employment personally
identifiable information.
Engineering Intern, CERN ATLAS Project, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
January 2002 - May 2005
Junior member of five person mechanical engineering team responsible for prototyping and
building the inner and second layer of the ATLAS detector at CERN’s Large Hadron Collider.
Rebuilt microscope calibration algorithms to fix manufacturing problems with radial sensors.
Created custom database application for analyzing radiation length and interference of detector
on readings. Devised heat transfer and static force analysis simulation to validate models.
Created CAD designs for insertion system for central detector and machined several
components.
Database Consultant & Visual Designer, Self-employed
1995 - 2008

Worked with a variety of customers to solve software and/or product problems related to their
business objectives. Created custom database applications from internal business processes in
order to free up labor for higher level business concerns. Converted custom database
applications to web solutions to increase availability, with an eye towards portability across
infrastructure and data security. Generated product specification, easy to use user interfaces
and visual design as needed.

Selected Speaking Engagements:
What the C? ​- Women Who Code, San Francisco 2015
Technical presentation on data structure that C programmers use to make the static language
behave dynamically.
Long Live the Rubyist ​- Women Who Code, San Francisco 2015
Talk about concurrency limits in the Ruby programming language.
Going Evergreen ​- RubyConf 2014
Presentation on engineering and culture principles to avoid technical debt and create enjoyable,
ongoing software work.
Diversity: Why? What? How? -​ Pivotal Labs 2014
Talk that describes the benefits and techniques for increasing engineering and product team
diversity.
Coding Towards Diversity ​- O’Reilly Fluent Conference, 2013
Talk that takes a programmatic approach to solving the diversity problem in the tech industry.
Aqua: A cool, clean drink of Ruby object persistence -​ RubyConf 2009
Proof of concept talk about creating a transparent persistence layer for pure Ruby objects.

Selected Technical Writing:
Choose Design over Architecture ​- 18F Blog
https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/11/17/choose-design-over-architecture
On inverting the architectural emphasis. Voted to front page of Hacker News and one of most
popular post on 18F blog in 2015.
The Code is Just the Symptom ​- Personal Blog
https://medium.com/@rubyghetto/the-code-is-just-the-symptom-c77f43b29320
On two different companies and how leadership and Conway’s law lead to the problems seen
deep down in their code. Over 60,000 views. Voted to front page of Hacker News.

Education:

University of California, Berkeley, California - 2
​ 002 - 2004
Advanced technical coursework for BS in Mechanical Engineering
UC Berkeley Extension, San Francisco, California - 1
​ 998 - 1999
Professional coursework on software and database design
San Francisco Art Institute, San Francisco, California ​- 1993
BFA, Painting

Volunteer Work:
Board of Directors, Industry & Technical Advisor, Women Who Code, Inc.
December 2013 - June 2015

\n
Nirali Deliwala                                               

			301-683-4339 / nirali18@umd.edu                   8125 48th Avenue, Apt 520, College Park, MD 20740

			EDUCATION

University of Maryland, College Park, MD                                                    Expected May 2018                                                                                                                                                   Masters of Science in Telecommunications 

Relevant Coursework: Networks & Protocols II, Network programming using C, Digital Communication Systems Network Design & Configuration Lab, Cellular Communication Networks, Telecoms Marketing Management 

K.J. Somaiya College of Engineering (Autonomous Affiliated to University of Mumbai)                                 2011-2015

		Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics                                                                                                                                           

		Relevant Coursework: Networks & Protocols I, Communication Networks, Digital Communication and Coding Techniques                                                   

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE

		Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd. (Paid)                                                                                 June 2015 – June 2016                                                                                  

		Associate Software Engineer (ASE)              

		Project

		Project name: LYONDELL BASELL (Chemical Company)

		Objects worked on: 

		 • Worked on the design, development, testing and support as a SAP ABAP developer to meet business needs.

		 • Analyzed the functional specification.

		 • Created the technical specification.

		 • Developed the custom objects (reports, email standardization, sap scripts, adobe forms)

SKILLS

	Networking Software: Cisco Packet Tracer, Wireshark

	Programming Language: C, C++, JAVA, SAP ABAP, HTML, Python

	Operating Systems: Windows, Android

	Software’s: MATLAB, SCILAB, KIEL, PSPICE, LABVIEW, EAGLE, PROTEUS, AUTOCAD, MICROWIND

PROJECTS

		 Design of IP & Domain Dossier System                                                                                                   December 2016 •Designed a Client-Server system using socket programming in C on Linux environment using TCP/IP protocol.  •Implemented server side using linked list which performs serval tasks depending on the request code passed by the client:

		  -To find, add or delete, get the most or least requested record from data base. 

		 -Reject inquiry if another inquiry has been received from the originated address in the last 10 seconds. 

		 -Shutdown the connection. 

		•Generated a log file for all the events that occur on the server side. Each line in the log file starts with a date and time and provides detailed information for the event.

		Design of Facial Emotion Recognition System                                                                                         May 2015

		 •Detected different emotions depicted in the image by using MATLAB 

		 •Accomplished training of images using Artificial Neural Network. 

		 • Implemented image processing techniques to remove the unwanted noise and background.

		 • Classified the emotion depicted by the image in one of the following category- Happy, Sad, Neutral and Angry by testing each of them.

		Design of 8-contestant Quiz Buzzer                                                                                                          December 2014

		 • Developed a quiz buzzer using microcontroller 89c51.

		 • Executed the code in KEIL, simulated using Proteus and implemented it on PCB.

		Design of Electronic Harmonium                                                                                                             December 2013                                                                                                                              

		 • Based on ic-555 which worked as oscillator.  

		 • Used PCB that had 15 parallel strips and each strip corresponding to one note. 

ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES

• Participated as volunteer for technical festival (Abhyantriki) at a publicity event.                                            2013

• Assisted as an Event Head for various events at the cultural festival (Symphony).                                             2014

• Worked with Accenture colleagues at Hope Foundation, a non-profit organization at Mumbai.                   2015                                                                                                                                                        

https://www.linkedin.com/in/niralideliwala\n
MUHAMMAD AFOLAYAN
1129 Quantril Way♦ Baltimore, MD 21205
240-593-1192 ♦ Afolayan.Muhammad@gmail.com

EDUCATION
University of Maryland at College Park
Bachelor of Science, [Economics]

Class of 2017

[College Park Scholars]
August 2011 – May 2013

Developed leadership skills through experiences such as internships, research, and community service.

WORK EXPERIENCE
BK Motors
Baltimore, MD
Marketing/ Administrative
June 2009 – August 2011

Analyzed prospective client portfolios to find suitable fit between the client and company.

Established and improved client communications; maintained ongoing relationships.

Addressed client inquiries; interpreted and delivered information; proposed suggestions.
Conferences and Visitors Services
Customer Service/ Hospitality

Planned, coordinated and executive events.

Trained to be a Community Assistant (CA.)

College Park, MD
Summer 2013 – Summer 2014

Footnotes Café
College Park, MD
Customer Service
February 2015-Present
 Often said to bring a positive atmosphere into work regularly.
 Immensely helped sales by being a team leader and taking initiative.
 Gained positive feedback from the customers and supervisors for exceptional customer service.
Money One Federal Credit Union
Account Associate
 Promoted overall efficiency in the bank by making several contributions to the management.
 Performing clerical duties.
 Selling Financial services.
 Supporting bank sales and by identifying customer needs.

Greenbelt, MD

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Campus Mentoring Bigs
College Park, MD
Mentor
Fall 2012 – Spring 2013

Big/Little Mentoring program; assisted a freshman in the transition from high school to college.
Randallstown Islamic Center
Youth Leader

Regularly took charge of important tasks and activities around the mosque

Overseeing the development personal development of the youth members. .

SKILLS, VOLUNTEER AND INTERESTS
Skills: [Advanced use of Microsoft word (Typing 70 words per minute), Powerpoint, Excel,]
Languages: [Fluent in Yoruba]
Volunteer: Several Community service events with Incentive Awards Scholarship program.
Affiliations: African Student Association (ASA) ; Muslim Student Association (MSA) ; Soccer Club
Interests: Soccer, Problem Solving, Technology, Gaming, Weightlifting, Art.

Randallstown, MD
Spring 2012

\n
Terence McPartland, PMP

Designer and problem solver with 30+ years in application analysis, design, and full software development lifecycle with focus on creating actionable data for decision making. Specialty in business process design and data lifecycle. Extensive project management experience with excellent analytic and communication skills. 

Past Projects

Census Business System – Financial Feeder Application Modernization 
Overhauled external accounts payable and receivable systems including database redesign, service oriented architecture, requirements and business process reengineering. Streamlined build time for new apps and reduced application maintenance costs by a factor of 20. Engineered solutions that corrected hundreds of thousands of dollars of vendor overpayments.

Paradyme Management – Quality Management Systems Implementation
Reengineered corporate business processes to support ISO 9001 and CMMI Level 3 certifications. Designed new systems, data structures, and compliance procedures to collect, maintain, and review performance metrics on all aspects of corporate operations. 

District of Columbia Government – Cost Driver Project
Created methods and systems for assessing return on investment for District spending across 75 separate agencies on a per budget line basis. Designed a financial reporting system that identified cost drivers and tracked the actual cost impact of policy decisions using statistical methods. Provided data driven oversight that saved millions each year through overtime management.

District of Columbia Government – Educational Data Warehouse
Developed requirements for state level data analysis and data driven decision making on student performance. Tackled difficult student identity matching from meagre data resources and rebuilt a foundation for tracking high-mobility students across schools. Developed registrar and administrator training for new systems.

District of Columbia Government – District Department of Transportation
Led effort to recover stagnant funds from stalled transportation projects. Created business process and supporting IT systems for the analysis and disposition of project data that recovered more than $58 million for the District including $6 million in overpayments to the Federal government. 

District of Columbia Government – Human Resources/Payroll Replacement Project
Led requirements gathering, change management, communication, and training effort for overhaul of payroll for a 25,000 person workforce with a dozen unions and nearly 60 collective bargaining units. Installed business processes and systems that saved $300,000 monthly in payroll and benefits errors.

District of Columbia Government – Hyperion Budget Implementation Project
Identified key factors in chronic cost overruns by the system integrator while serving as PMO contractor. Monetized SI schedule slippage and projected actual costs and completion date. Designed test strategy for functional and user acceptance testing.

United State Navy – Naval Air Systems Command & Naval Sea Systems Command
Developed scope specific management operating systems to determine optimal federal employee-contractor staff mix for the F-16 Program and the naval shipyards under the Supervisor of Shipbuilding. Responsible for full system lifecycle from requirements to delivery.

Paramount Pictures – Executive Decision Support Application
Designed data architecture to support top 5 Paramount executives setting release dates for movies. Integrated genre, cast, distribution, and focus group data into decision dashboard with what-if analysis engine.

Work History 

Paradyme Management – Washington DC 2006-Present
CTEC - Reston VA 2005-2006
Conquest Systems – Washington DC 2004-2005
Apis Consulting – Charles Town WV 1993-2003



Education

Bachelor of Science – Georgetown University 1985
Master of Arts – Georgetown University 1990\n
Joseph Man

																

Experience Summary



Senior Lead Hands-On QA Analyst / Test Engineer with over 15 years of experience in Software Testing, Quality Assurance, HP Quality Center, ALM, QTP/UFT, & VB Script coding with strong hands on expertise in leading team of test engineers, troubleshooting, ALM administration, customization and report development, test creating, and HP Suite automation tools.  

HP ALM, UFT; Over 10 years of extensive experience in Test Automation using HP ALM v11-v12.5, UFT v11-v12.5 and QC for clients like HP, Deutsche Bank, Comcast and UBS etc.  

VB Script; Over 8 years of experience in developing test data extract using VB Script. 

Lead/Off Shore team lead; 5+ years of experience in leading test engineers, automation and manual testers both onshore and offshore.  

Proven ability to work independently or as a member of a team under pressure, as well as leading a team or a project. Skilled in adapting to rapidly changing work environments. 

Expertise in planning QA strategies, timelines, process control, and mentoring junior QA analysts.   



Professional Experience



Performance Tester HP ALM / Performance Center Admin, GAF 		Oct 2016 – Present

Parsippany, NJ 



Developing test models for performance workload distribution 

Serving as an ALM/Performance Center Admin and assisting with installation, configuration and customization of ALM workflow 

Training colleagues on using ALM ALM/Performance Center using Train the Trainer technique (Trained couple of people from each department with highlights on their important area/module, then the “Trainers” would share the knowledge with their team members 

Serving as Point of Contact for all ALM related questions 

Developing test scenarios test scripts and outlining test environments  

Assisting in modifying and managing performance and resolving technical issues 

Managing Virtual User resources and gathering metrics 

Using LoadRunner TrueClient Protocol to develop scripts and test performance 

Keeping documentation regarding delays 

Coordinating test results looking for inconsistencies and ways to improve overall companywide performance 

 

Senior Test Lead / HP ALM Administrator / ALM Reports Specialist                              Jun 2016 – Oct 2016

Deutsche Bank 

As a lead involved in the administration of ALM environments in both Domains and Projects wise. 

Responsible for ALM 11.5 and then AML 12.21 HP (Quality Center) process development and implementation, ALM workshops and training. 

Worked on ALM workflow customization coding and managed ALM Template coding and implementation. 

Heavily involved in development of over 100 different ALM Reports (CCAR Related as well as other daily and triage reports) using business view module, and standalone excel reports. 

Performed full lifecycle of testing and documented the Test Results/Status on a regular basis. 

Introduced test methodologies, planned tests and managed manual and automated testing.  

Used UFT 12 for Automation Testing and performed performance testing using Load Runner 12 & Performance Center 12.21 

 

Senior Test Automation Lead / ALM Developer 					Aug 2014 - May 2016

Hewlett Packard (HP)



As a lead Automation Specialist managed HP Quality Center 11 and completed ALM 11 installation and configuration 

Administered ALM environments (dev, validation, production) 

Responsible for estimating Test effort for projects in as early as Architectural Phase and QA Planning Phase 

Performed ALM 11 HP (Quality Center) process development and implementation, ALM Workshops and SDLC implementation. 

Designed and developed ALM workflow customization coding. 

Developed a Test Data Extract using VB Script 

Worked on ALM Template coding and implementation. 

Worked on ALM daily administration tickets and requests. 

Assisted in training new users to get up the speed with companies ALM process. 

Integrated techniques with PPM, coding around the discrepancies to allow smooth integration.

Supported large number of users 

 

ALM Administrator / Automation and Performance Testing Specialist 		      Jan 2014 – Aug 2014

Bard 

Performed ALM 11 installation and configuration 

Worked in Test Automation Environment (ALM, Quick Test Pro and Load Runner) Installation, Testing and Support. 

Administrated ALM environments (dev, validation, production) 

Responsible for: ALM 11 HP (Quality Center) Process Development and Implementation, ALM Workshops and SDLC implementation. 

Assisted with Genilogix eApprove Template implementation and training 

Functioned on ALM workflow customization coding and ALM Template Coding and Implementation. 

Assisted in training new users to get up the speed with companies ALM process. 

Assisted in QA and Validation Testing (Manual and Automated using UFT 11.5) 

Developed and Implemented Load Testing Scenarios and Scripts to test the environment using Load Runner 12.0 

Developed a Test Data Extract using QTP 11.0  

 

ALM Administrator / Automation and Performance Testing Specialist 		    June 2013 – Jan 2014

Warner Chilcott (US), LLC 

Performed ALM 11 installation and configuration 

Administrated ALM environments (dev, validation, production) 

Responsible for ALM 11 HP (Quality Center) Process Development and Implementation, ALM Workshops and SDLC implementation. 

Assisted with Genilogix eApprove Template development, customization, and implementation  Worked on ALM workflow customization coding and ALM Template Coding and Implementation. 

Performed ALM daily administration tickets and requests. 

Assisted in training new users to get up the speed with companies ALM process. 

Supported in QA and Validation Testing (Manual and Automated using UFT 11.5) 

 

HP Quality Center/Workflow Specialist ALM Administrator		                   Jan 2013 – May 2013

Comcast 

Performed ALM 11 HP (Quality Center) Process Development and Implementation, ALM Coding, ALM Workshops and SDLC implementation. 

Assisted in QC 10 to ALM 11 migration and implementation. 

Worked on ALM workflow customization coding and ALM daily administration tickets and requests. 

Supported and customized multiple domains/projects. 

 

Associate Director of TAPY (Test Automation & Performance Engineering)            Jan 2012 – Dec 2012

UBS WMA 

Lead Test Automation & Performance Engineering teams and controlled multiple projects  

Performed coding QTP, UFT ALM using VB-script to deliver automated test cases and implementation techniques. 

Responsible for ALM 11.5 HP (Quality Center) process development and implementation, ALM Coding, ALM Workshops and SDLC implementation. 

Created Test Scripts for Automation Testing using UFT Unified Functional Tester 11 (AKA QTP 11.0)   Managed Testers on site and off-shore to provide ALM 24-hour support. 

 

Lead QA PTG Analyst / Tools Specialist (HP QC, QTP)  				     Jan 2011 – Dec 2011

DowJones 

Responsible for defining and developing detailed Functional Specs, Design Specs, Test Plans, and Test Results for Product Releases.  

Defined test methodologies, test requirements, setting up the required Test Lab and Equipment (Tools, Hardware etc.). 

Performed All Cycles of testing of the features of client security products and documented the Test Results/Status on a regular basis. 

Managed manual and automated testing, introduced test methodologies. Planned tests. 

Responsible for project certifications. Automated Testing performed using QTP 10 and 11.   QC 10 configuration, implementation and support 

 

Lead QA Analyst  							                   Aug 2010 – Dec 2010

Morgan Stanley 

Served as a Lead QA Analyst and Mercury Quality Center Administrator, delivering solid QA Process and maintaining Requirements, Test Cases, and Defects. 

Responsible for preparation and analysis, road mapping, and gap analysis  

Created customized training, identified and created templates, documented best practices and recommendations. 

Delivered and Customized New QC 10 Features such as Cross Project Customization, Version 

Control, Sharing Libraries, Risk-based Quality Management, Quality Center Dashboard Module, Test 

Resources Module, Dependencies, User Updates including Test Parameters, Copying Across 

Projects, Management Module, Site Administration Updates including Project Extensions, and Workflow Events,  

Used external interfaces with Jira, Excel, Word, Eclipse should be included impact of new features on integrated use of QuickTestPro 10 & impact of new features on the use of Business Process Testing  

Managed an Off Shore QA/QC team to support the migration process. 

 

Quality Assurance Lead Tester / Tools Specialist 				     Jun 2009 – Aug 2010

Screen vision Inc 

Organized QA Process as part of SLDC 

Performed as a Subject Matter Expert SME’s to start a QA Department in this organization 

Organized and maintained QA Environments (Builds in and Out of QA) 

Responsible for estimating all QA projects in as early as Architectural Phase and QA Planning Phase 

Performed automation, managed evaluation and purchasing of QA Testing Tools (SpiraTest, QTP 10, and Load Runner) 

Responsible for resource allocation and hiring people in QA Department to accommodate the project’s needs 

Created and Maintained QA Deliverables 

Produced QA Test Plans and developed QA Test Scripts and Test Cases  Worked with On-Shore and Off-Shore Development and QA Teams 

 

HP/Mercury Quality Center Administrator, QTP and Load Runner Specialist, Brown Brothers Harriman, Jersey City, NJ (Jun 2008 – Apr 2009)  

Director of Quality Assurance, Schematic, New York, NY (May 2007 – Jun 2008)   

 Sr. Manager, Tools Specialist, Mercury Quality Center Administrator, Context Web, New York, NY (May 2006 – May 2007) 

 Tester System Integration Group QTP and QC 8.2, 9.0 Load Runner 8.1, American Home Mortgage, Melville, NY (Apr 2005 – May 2006) 

 QA Manager Hands-On, Zagat Survey, New York, NY (May 2004 – Apr 2005)  

	

			

Education

 

SAI New York NY, Diploma of Computer Science @ Programming Languages 

Bachelors in Computer Science (Informatics), Khmelnitsky National University, UKRAINE, 1991-1995

Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Joseph Man	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 1\n
TEJAL RIKAME

(202) 436-5105  500 23rd Street, Apt B 409 Washington DC 20037 tejal@gwmail.gwu.edu
 https://www.linkedin.com/pub/tejal-rikame/103/a92/822
EDUCATION
THE GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY, School of Business
Master of Science in Information Systems Technology
MUMBAI UNIVERSITY
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Degree

•
•
•
•

Washington, DC
May 2017
Mumbai, India
July 2015

Special Project: Studied the concept of semantic web, web based ontology and developed an application on Java NetBeans
which helped make browsing the web a better and a convenient experience. The project ensured that large amount of available
data is filtered and only the required information is made available.
Organized a workshop on Web Design and Development focusing on the emerging trends in scripting languages namely
HTML, CSS and IDE.
Presented a technical paper along with a seminar on ‘802-11 Wireless LAN Security’ dealing with the encryption standards i.e.
WEP, it’s working, and ways to overcome the security threats.
Created and implemented a database application to record student information for the college.

EXPERIENCE
BUSINESS PROCESS ANALYST INTERN
Reston, USA
RESONATE.
June 2016-present
•
Creating a Finance dashboard in Tableau for the Accounting Team.
•
Developed Custom Salesforce Invoice Notice Email templates for the Accounting and Sales Team using Apex and HTML.
•
Process automation by converting custom Apex Classes and Triggers to Workflows and Processes.
•
Migration and Testing of Tableau workbooks from Tableau 8.1 to Tableau 10.0.
GRADUATE TEACHING ASSISTANT
GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY (Data warehousing and OLAP).
•
Preparing study materials and grading labs and assignments
•
Conducting labs.
•
Conducting doubt sessions.

Washington D.C. USA
Jan 2016-May2016

MARKETING ANALYST INTERN
Thane, India
HIRANANDANI CONSTRUCTIONS PVT. LTD.
Dec 2012-June 2013
Builders creating superior value for Customers, Business Associates, Society and Stake Holders on a continuous basis.
•
•
•

Analyzed market conditions and performed project evaluations, collaborating with architects, investors, legal representatives
and municipal corporation officers to design project management plan for projects, enabling better progress monitoring.
Interacted with clients to understand their requirements in order to provide better life styles.
Worked with the marketing team, organizing various promotional events for the same. Helped with the launch of a new
project.

VOLUNTEER
Thane, India
ROTARACT CLUB OF THANE MIDTOWN.
May 2011-May 2014
The purpose of Rotaract is to provide an opportunity for young men and women to enhance the knowledge and skills that will assist
them in personal development.
•

Organized various events in rural areas for development of the same.

MERITS
Community Involvement:

Volunteered with RAIT Social wing, for activities like - teaching underprivileged children, awareness
drives (through seminars/street plays), various environment activities, organized and lead many
technical as well as cultural festivals, seminars in college.

Web Development and Programming Skills: Java, C++, Python, CSS, NetBeans, JavaScript, HTML, PHP, R, Tableau,
MS Excel, JMP, Salesforce, Apex, AWS.
Database Technologies:
SQL, Oracle, Microstrategy.
Applications and Operating Systems:
MS Office, Lucid Charts, Visio, Windows, Mac, Linux

\n
AAKASH DESAI
8125 48th Ave #Apt 615
EDUCATION

College Park, MD 20740

240.758.1156

aakash.desai@rhsmith.umd.edu

Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems
GPA: 3.95
Vidyalankar Institute of Technology, Mumbai University, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering Major: Computer Engineering GPA: 3.53

Dec 2017

2016

Technical Skills
Programming Languages: R, C, JAVA, PHP, HTML, CSS, XML, SQL.
Software Tools: RStudio, Eclipse, IntelliJ, TurboC, MATLAB, AutoCAD, Oracle 11g, SalesForce, Google Analytics.
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux.
EXPERIENCE
Centre for Health Information & Decision Systems (CHIDS), University of Maryland
2016-Present
Research Assistant
 Worked closely with the US Department of Defence (DoD) and the Defence Health Agency (DHA) for building a
Decision Support System for identifying risk in Opioid Therapy for pain management, in order to curtail the problem
of chronic opioid usage within the armed forces.
 The system, although being built for the DoD, can be generalized to the general population.
 The data set used for the analysis, obtained from the DHA, comprising of more than 2 million records of opioid therapy
at a person-month level.
 The data analysis and modelling was conducted using R with the RStudio integrated development environment.
Academic Project: Telecommunication Infrastructure Feasibility Study for South Africa
2016
 Conducted a feasibility study for a hypothetical multinational corporation by the name of DONCO.
 Role played a telecom infrastructure consulting firm that studied the national telecom infrastructure of South Africa
and prepared a detailed report of feasible locations and service providers that DONCO can seamlessly integrate into
their supply chain.
Academic Project: University Ranking Comparison Application
2016
 The project involved creating an application used for comparing rankings for three business school programs, viz
MBA, MSIS (MS in Information Systems), MSBA (MS in Business Analytics), which are sourced from various
ranking agencies and sources.
 The application was a one stop station for comparing rankings for all the three programs from various different ranking
agencies such as US News, QS World, etc. The project was implemented using Salesforce.com
Academic Project: Flight Route Optimization and Runway Management System
2016
 Designed and prototyped an automated flight routing and runway management system. This system used a novel
“runway to runway” routing approach wherein all stages of local flight routing (Approach, Landing, Taxi, Take-off,
Climb-out) are consolidated and managed by a single system.
 Implemented and modelled prototype system for test subject airport Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport,
Mumbai, India (IATA Code: BOM) using Java.
 Devised and coded on Eclipse Integrated Development Environment (IDE); simulated one week operations at BOM
airport with authentic data sets generating hypothetical fuel savings in the range of 600,000 gallons/day.
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Student Council of Vidyalankar Institute of Technology, President
2015
 Elected President of 450-member student organization comprising a four-tier management structure.
 Presided over a student board, wherein oversaw and coordinated functioning and finances of 12 affiliated
student clubs and technical societies on campus.
 Managed $40,000 University endowment fund; reported 40% annual increase in organization revenue.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION





National Shiae Championship (Gold Medal), Indian Karate GoJuKai Association.
Certification: Dale Carnegie Executive Excellence Program (Level 1-Level 6).
Fr. Conceicao Rodrigues Memorial Debate Champion (Silver Medal).
Possesses a keen interest in debating, travel, economics, literature and photography.

2007
2013-2015
2015

\n
Debi Luff

	68206 Birch St.

	South Haven, MI 49090

	(269) 767-7373 ** debi_luff@comcast.net



Professional Skills:

	* Sr. Telecom Billing Specialist/Analyst	* PowerPoint

	* TEM (Telecom Expense Management)	* SharePoint 

	* Cell Phone Administrator / Optimization	* Telecom Inventory (Data, PRI, POTS)
* Contracts (Telecom, Cell Phones)	* Telecom Coordinator
* Telecom Savings (over $2M/year)	* Vendor Management



Sr. IT Telecom Analyst & Deskside Cellular Support

TransCanada (formerly CPG) - 10/16 – Present - (Contractor for TekSystems)



Principle Duties & Responsibilities

		Telecom Expense Management

		Mobile Optimization

		Vendor Management

		Provider & Business Relations

		Process Improvements

		Project Management & Implementation

		Contract Negotiations (Including LOAs)

		Telecom Inventory Optimization

	

Sr. IT Telecom Analyst

NiSource - 2/12 – 10/16 - (Contractor for TekSystems)



Principle Duties & Responsibilities

		Reported Telecom Projected Savings – Cost Savings over $2.1M.

		Telecom Billing - determined baseline cost factors, compliance with existing Carrier contracts, and cost savings opportunities.

		Liaison between management and vendors in negotiating Telecom contracts (PRIs, DS1s, POTS, etc).

		Access database for telecommunication Data and Telephony

		Vendor Management.  Working with telecom vendors to ensure company receives timely responses to issues.  Submitting disputes, etc.

		TEM (Telecom Expense Management) self-service (People Soft based) Mobile Source Portal (Tangoe) allowing administrators to self-manage department’s mobile devices and usage.



Sr. IT Telecom Analyst

MARS IS - Wm Wrigley Jr Co. – 10/07 – 12/31/11 (Contractor for Apex Systems)



Principle Duties & Responsibilities

		Cost savings and avoidance 2010 was $1.6 million.

		Analyze telecom billing information to determine baseline cost factors, compliance with existing Carrier contracts, and cost savings opportunities.

		Identify and verify necessity of all LAN circuits and POTS, while assisting with WAN.

		Clean up and maintain circuit inventory removing spare POTS and unnecessary circuits in inventory.

		Evaluating Vendor records such as CSR's and contracts

		Primary contact for Telecom Vendors. Maintain relationships with various telecom vendors to ensure company receives timely responses to issues 

		Vendor Orders -  POTS/PRI/DSL – New and Disconnect Services


Debi Luff – 269-767-7373

	


Sr. IT Telecom Analyst

MARS IS - Wm Wrigley Jr Co. – 10/07 – 12/31/11

(Contractor for Apex Systems)



Principle Duties & Responsibilities

		Cost savings and avoidance 2010 was $1.6 million.

		Analyze telecom billing information to determine baseline cost factors, compliance with existing Carrier contracts, and cost savings opportunities.

		Identify and verify necessity of all LAN circuits and POTS, while assisting with WAN.

		Clean up and maintain circuit inventory removing spare POTS and unnecessary circuits in inventory.

		Evaluating Vendor records such as CSR's and contracts

		Primary contact for Telecom Vendors. Maintain relationships with various telecom vendors to ensure company receives timely responses to issues 

		Vendor Orders -  POTS/PRI/DSL – New and Disconnect Services





Sr. IT Telecom Analyst

Empire Today LLC –7/05 – 10/07

		Company’s massive National growth left Telecom Billing behind.  Inherited disconnection notices, unanalyzed billing, etc.  Created an Access database and stopped all disconnects within first month of hire.

		Responsible for all Telecom billing and analysis therefore for 40+ locations





IT Administrator/IT Purchasing/IT Contracts & Analyst

Sloan Valve Co – 7/02 to 07/05

		Contracts – Negotiated contracts for all Telecom as well as company printers with Vendors.

		Cell phone Administrator – negotiated company contract with Verizon wireless, Nextel, AT&T wireless and Cingular.  Administered for 5 multi-sites (550 users).  Monitored monthly billing, receiving credits monthly as a result of errors found.

		Phone Administrator – working with Avaya Definity Multi-Vantage. Creating call center; vectoring.  MAC (move/add/changes).

		Purchasing and procurement of all IT purchases (from phones to Cat6 cable).

		Hands-On budget management for IT of $3.3 million; Monitored monthly run rates.



Data Analyst/IT Tech – Desert Carbide of Illinois (Bensenville) 9/01 – 07/02

		Performed adhoc reports from Mas90 and Access Databases.

		Created complicated company part price books using Excel and Access.

		Designed and faxed weekly broadcast fax flyers using WinFaxPro and Act Database.

		Installed hardware and software as needed.

		Research via Internet competitive pricing.



Project Coordinator/IT Tech – (Consultant) Zurich Insurance 12/00 – 9/01

Generated reports from MS Access to determine which users need routers.

Performed hardware and software upgrades on laptops for rollout.

Updated bios and printer drivers on hard drives then shipped to remote user.

Configured, shipped and ordered 4-port routers for remote users.

Datamining – extracting and burning user’s data from prior laptop on CD.

Installed and configured Swimage (Ghost) on new laptops for Remote users.

Configured TCP/IP on routers for DSL and ISDN remote Users.





Debi Luff – 269-767-7373 







Data Analyst and Research Contractor - Contractor (Teksystems). 6/93-10/00

Renessen.  This contract started out to be a 2 week contract, however because of my skills the project that I was brought in to do evolved into a major project.

	Explored information on Agricultural Biotechnology on the internet. This includes but not limited to, alliances, competitors, Genetic Modified Foods, new patents on biotech, cloning and animal nutrition. 

	Designed 4 modules using Powerpoint showing the flow and structure from the data. I published the modules onto the server to be accessed through the intranet of Renessen.	



Data Analyst Siemens Inc. - San Jose, CA - 6/93 - 11/98 – Reported to VP ENGR.

Responsible for Yield and MTBF (Mean-Time between Failures) reports from Shop Floor Tracking, Excel, Unix and other resources.  Created Graphs and Pivot detailed reports. 

Implemented a spreadsheet for tracking of Time & Materials from customers. Calculated charges for Customer Service and submitted to Order Admin for billing. 

Published monthly revenue management package and reports for Directors and Executives. 





Education:
IBM Computer Courses – Santa Clara, CA (non-certification)

AOTMP – Courses in Telecom Billing (Certification)

ISO 9000 Internal Auditor Pyramid (Siemens) 1994 - 1998\n
PRASAD KAVERI
3412 University Boulevard East, Hyattsville, MD 20783
Contact No.: 301-273-4187 || Email ID: prasadkaveri9@gmail.com || https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasadkaveri
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
Dec 17
Master of Science, Telecommunications Engineering
GPA: 4.0/4.0
Technical Coursework: Network Programming, Network and Protocols, Cyber Security, Cellular Communication Networks
Management Coursework: Economics of telecommunications, Strategic Management in Telecommunications
University of Mumbai, India
June 15
Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering
Related Coursework: Computer Communication Networks, Data Compression & Encryption, Java, C, Mobile Comm., Wireless
Networks, Digital Communication
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Tools & Software: Drupal CMS, Quality Center, Jira, Eclipse, Visual Studio, MATLAB, WinAVR, Eagle software
Programming & Computer Skills: Python, Java, C, HTML, Microsoft office Suite, Assembly Language Programming
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Johnson & Johnson, Ethicon Division, India
June 16
Marketing & Business Development Intern
• Documented the various treatments on Infertility segment and estimated the Indian infertility market size to be worth approximately
USD 11.2 billion
• Developed an engagement module on infertility and designed procedure focused kits for J&J’s obstetrics/gynecology clients to
improve market share in the suture segment by at least USD 34 million
Tech Mahindra, India
Aug 15
Associate Software Engineer
• Learned different technologies by pairing with experienced engineers
• Involved in documenting QA procedures using the MS Office suite
• Used Quality Center and JIRA for bug tracking and for the management of test documentation
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
University of Maryland, College Park
Simulation of a 3-Sectored Base Station using Python
May 16
• Implemented a Python application which simulated the downlink behavior of a 3-sectored base station along a road
• Calculated metrics such as Propagation Loss, Shadowing, Fading and EIRP off Boresight to determine which sector offered the
strongest Received Signal Level
• Computed statistics such as number of users serviced, completed calls, calls dropped and calls handed-off in each sector
V.E.S.I.T, University of Mumbai
Four Way Density Based Traffic Control System with Advanced Monitoring Techniques
Dec 14
• Estimated a reduction potential for real-time traffic duration by 33.33%
• Published a research paper in the International Journal of Application or Innovation in Engineering & Management, an International
open access journal. (Link: http://www.ijaiem.org/Volume4Issue3/IJAIEM-2015-03-31-94.pdf )
Arduino Based Shadow Alarm with GSM
March 14
• Designed a shadow alarm using Arduino which shoots an alert SMS using GSM 300 module
• Published a paper in the ‘Journal of Emerging Technologies and Innovative Research’, an International open access journal. (Link:
http://www.jetir.org/papers/JETIR1508004.pdf )
VOLUNTEERING & EXTRACURRICLARS
• Volunteered for ‘Chant4Change’ at Lincoln Memorial, a philanthropic event which was attended by over 1000 people and aimed at
spreading peace, unity and harmony
• Active volunteer at an animal NGO named: In Defense of Animals (IDA-INDIA)
University of Maryland
Jan 16-present
• Telecommunications Students Alumni Network (TSAN) – Student Member
• Graduate Student Government (GSG) - Telecommunications department representative
• Active member at Bhakti Vedanta Club for Culture & Education at UMD– Organizing workshops on lifestyle management
Indian Society for Technical Education, Student Chapter, India
2012-15
• B.E. Core Committee, senior year- Organized industrial trips, sponsorship and managed finances
• Student Coordinator, sophomore year- Organized and managed events for 650 students
Praxis, V.E.S Institute of Technology, Mumbai
2012-14
• Core committee member, senior year- Organized the inter-college technical festival which was attended by over 500 students
• Resources Module Head, junior year - Responsible for strategic allocation of scarce resources needed for event execution

\n
Lakhan Abichandani
lakhan@umd.edu, (240) 641-2436
Present Address: 4714 Cherokee Street, Apt 101, College Park, 20740
EDUCATION
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Expected graduation: May 2017
University of Maryland, College Park
Master of Science, Telecommunications Engineering
GPA: 3.0
Networks and Protocols, Cybersecurity-Cryptography and Network Security, AWS/PCS System Implementation
Coursework:
Graduated: July 2015
Vivekanand Education Society’s Institute of Technology (Mumbai University), India
Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunication
CGPA: 9.0/10
Microprocessors & Microcontrollers, Computer Controlled Networking, Neural Networks & Fuzzy Logic
Coursework:
TECHNICAL SKILLS
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Languages:
Networking:
Security:
Applications:
Exposure to:

Java, Python, C, C++
TCP/IP, IPv4, IPv6, DNS, HTTP, RIPv1, RIPv2, OSPF, BGP, DHCP, UDP, STP, ARP, CSMA/CA, CSMA/CD,
Subnetting, Static Routing, Distance Vector Protocol, Link State Protocol
Malware, Phishing, Cryptography, Internet Security, Ciphers, DES, AES, Ethical Hacking
Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint), AutoCAD, Mentum Planet, WireShark, Arduino UNO
HTML, PCB design, Adobe Photoshop, MATLAB, LINUX, Android App development (Training – Courseras)

ENGINEERING PROJECTS
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Distributed Networking Application using Socket Programming using Java

Fall 2015

Group Project, University of Maryland-College park, 2015

•
•

Designed a secure communication link between the client and server using User Datagram Protocol (UDP) and the messages
were sent back and forth with 100% success.
The integrity of the message content was maintained by encrypting and decrypting, using RC4 Stream Encryption Algorithm.

Simulation of Cell Site Deployment and Network Coverage using Mentum Planet Software

Fall 2015

Group Project, University of Maryland-College park, 2015

•
•
•

Successfully deployed 30 base stations in Washington DC and nearby areas using Mentum Planet.
Regulated antenna statistics like down tilt, azimuth, and antenna power etc. to fulfill the coverage requirements.
The University of Maryland College park campus was given complete coverage by LTE-FDD deployment, using just 3 base
stations to provide the required 5Mbps speed throughout.

Density based Traffic Control System with Advanced Monitoring Techniques
Spring 2015
Project Co-leader, Vivekanand Education Society’s Institute of Technology (Mumbai University), 2015
• Determined the traffic density using IR sensors and the amount of time each traffic signal was on ‘Green’ with a budget of
$80 but using only $11 for the project.
• Received the best project award at the ShowSmart 2015 and INNOVATIONS 2015.
Arduino based Shadow Alarm with GSM Interface

Fall 2013

Project Leader, Vivekanand Education Society’s Institute of Technology (Mumbai University), 2013

•
•

Collaborated with a group of 4 students and the project advisor to make a security system which is one the cheapest of its
kind; collected scrap material which decreased the average cost of the project from $150 to $6.
Awarded the best project award at ShowSmart 2013, Mumbai, India.

PUBLICATIONS AND WORKSHOPS
• Published: “Density Based Traffic Control System with Advanced Monitoring Techniques”, International Journal of
Application or Innovation in Engineering & Management, March 2015
• Published: “Arduino based Shadow Alarm with GSM Interface”, Journal of Emerging Technologies and Innovative
Research, August 2015
• Attended the level 1, level 2 Cyber-Security workshop organized by Praxis in August 2011.
• Attended the level 1 Ethical Hacking workshop organized by Praxis in August 2011.
• Attended the level 1, level 2, level 3 Robotic workshop organized by SRT at VJTI, Mumbai in October, 2012

__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

LEADERSHIP
• Currently the Vice – President of the University of Maryland Table Tennis Club

__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Spring 2016 – Fall 2016

\n
Vanya Dasari                                                                                         vdasari1@terpmail.umd.edu

4324, Rowalt Drive #201, College Park, MD 20740                                                                                                      240-917-5060

EDUCATION:

		University of Maryland                                                                                                                                                                                 College Park, MD

          Master of Science, Telecommunications Engineering                                                                                                                              Expected May 2018

          Courses:  Networks and Protocols, AWS/PCS System Implementation, Introduction to Digital Communication Systems, 

          Network and Application Performance Analysis

SRM University                                                                                                                                                                                             Chennai, TN, India

         Bachelor of Technology, Information and Telecommunication Engineering                                                                                                        June 2016



RELEVANT EXPERIENCE:

Project: SNORT As an Intrusion Prevention System – University of Maryland  (duration: 2 months)                                                   March 2017

created virtual machines (hosts) on VMWare.  

	 ensured internet connectivity between the hosts, with one host as the default gateway. 

 configured snort on the gateway host and performed brute force attack on another host.

 detected and prevented unlimited logins from any host (HTTP brute force)

Project:  GSM/LTE network coverage analysis using Mentum Planet 5.7 – University of Maryland (duration: 2 months)                       Oct 2016 

• Implemented the project in several phases to perform GSM/ LTE deployment 

• Obtained network coverage in Downtown DC and nearby suburban areas by designing a network using 25 base stations in phase 1 and 2

• Regulated antenna parameters such as down tilt, power, and azimuth to get optimum coverage and to avoid drops if any

Project: UDP protocol implementation in JAVA – University of Maryland (duration: 2 months)                                                                 Nov 2016

• Implemented a networking Java application consisting of a transmitter and a receiver using User Datagram Protocol sockets 

• Ensured the reliability of data using timers, retransmission policies and integrity check algorithm 	

Node Misbehaviour Detection using Overhearing and Autonomous Agent in Wireless Ad-hoc network with ECC implementation - SRM University, India (duration: 3 months)                                                                                                                                                                   May 2016

Used NS-2 software in the implementation of overhearing detection and autonomous agents’ detection algorithm for identification of malicious nodes

 Implemented Ad-Hoc On-Demand Distance Vector (AODV) routing protocol for isolating the affected node and routing and improved network security using ECC algorithm

Delivered a technical presentation and report on Node Misbehaviour Detection using Overhearing and Autonomous Agent in Wireless Ad-hoc network with ECC implementation at ICETCCCCT’16, Tamil Nadu, India                                                                                                          

Cisco Certified Network Associate Training - CMS IT Services, Chennai, India (duration: 2 months)                                                       June 2016

Analysed and performed tracing in virtual network environment using Cisco Packet Tracer

Gained proficiency in sub-netting and addressing in IPv4 and IPv6

Gained understanding of the routing protocols, i.e., RIP, IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF and their implementation

Summer Intern at Reliance Communications, Chandigarh, India (duration: 2 months)                                                                              June 2014

Project: 3G, GSM architecture and network establishment  ,knm 

Studied GSM and 3G architecture

Gained knowledge about RF planning and microwave link planning

Analysed the network key performance indicators for efficient network maintenance

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Proficient with network simulation software like Cisco Packet tracer, Riverbed Modeller and Cisco IOS

Familiar with RF network planning and optimisation tool: Mentum Planet 5.7, ProScout

Familiar with virtualization software and Operating Systems: VMware, Windows 10, Ubuntu

Familiar with intrusion detection and prevention tools: SNORT

Familiar with sniffing tools: WireShark, tshark

Proficient with programming languages: Java, C++

Documentation skills: MS Office Suite

Familiar with network routing and switching protocols: VLAN, VTP, RIP, IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, HSRP, L2TP, NetFlow

Knowledge of various WAN technologies and Authentications schemes: NAT, PPP, Frame Relay, HDLC, VPN, ACL, RADIUS, TACACS+



ACTIVITIES/AFFILIATIONS 

Head of Public Relations, SRM Technical United Conference, SRM University, India                                                            Jan - May 2016

Member of EWB-India, Chennai Chapter (Engineers Without Borders), Tamil Nadu, India                                                               2014-15\n
NAVEEN GUPTA

5822 Tilbury Road

Alexandria, VA  22310

Cell (571) 275-6949Home (703) 971-4158

		



SUMMARY:	

18 years of in-depth experience and knowledge in design and development of applications using PeopleSoft 6.0/7.0/7.5/8.0,8.9/9.0,Oracle

Worked as Subject Matter Expert (SME) on functional and technicalaspects of Federal Human Resources, Payroll and Core Benefit modules for PeopleSoft

Expertise in calculating pay for various pay tables, market pay, locality pay, physician pay and year end processes

In depth knowledge of Defense Financial Accounting System (DFAS) payroll system including both Technical and Functional aspects

Experience in full software life-cycle development; including requirements analysis, data modeling, design, development, testing and production support

Experience in interfaces, data conversion from legacy main frame systems to PeopleSoft environments



STATUS: US CITIZEN, TreasuryPublic Trust Clearance





EXPERIENCE:

NORTHROP GRUMMAN							Nov’2012 to Present



 TREASURY (Technical PeopleSoft)			Washington DC



Worked on customizations for the HR connect line of business. The work was performed using PeopleSoft 9.0 and Peopletools 8.53.

New functionality called Foreign service was added in HR connect to track foreign service officers for International trade association (ITA) which is part of Department of commerce.

In order to support ITA various customizations were done which included modifying application packages, component interfaces, components, roles, permission list. Manager self service and Employee self service components were modified. Created new Application packages and classes to support the calculation of TIC and TIS dates.



Created new application engine to load data for ITA Foreign Service officer’s emergency contacts. This utilized new file layout and component interface















Worked on customizing Person Management online setup.  Created new Content Type in Content Catalog, new content Items and rating models. Added new content in Person Profile Type. Wrote DMS scripts to migrate JPM setup data to other PeopleSoft environments.



Worked on creating a new Personnel Audit report for Department of Commerce.

This involved writing an application engine to load data into new tables from HR tables and JPM tables.

Created online report using Component, Page, Object oriented peoplecode.

Provided printing for individual employee report or group of employees in PDF format.

An application engine program was written to create a XML data file. 

The report was designed using XML publisher. 





Technical design documents were created. Created test data and various test scenarios to perform unit testing.Attended team meetings and functional fit gap sessions. New project was created in Quest Stat for migrations. Used SVN for version control for SQR’s and external scripts.  ClearQuest was used for tracking defects





GUIDENT TECHNOLOGY						Apr’2012 to Sep’2012



EPA (Functional PeopleSoft )					            Washington DC



Worked on the fit gap analysis in Moving EPA PeopleSoft HRMS system to DOI NBC HRLOB.

Analyzed the organization code structure in PeopleSoft. 

Created Visio diagrams for the Org Code structure hierarchy. Created procedure document on how new org codes should be created in PeopleSoft.



Performed fit Gap analysis of PeopleSoft reports to NBC reports. Worked on mapping data elements in customized PeopleSoft reports and NBC reports. Created detail data elements document comparing fields in PeopleSoft and NBC reports.



Worked on data integrity issues relating to reports-to and supervisory level in position data. Reports were written using Oracle 10G SQL/PSQL to identity data issues in position data



MACRO SOLUTIONS							Sep2010 to Mar 2012

ACCENTURE CONSULTING  					Mar 2001 to Aug 2010



Health and Human Services (SME Peoplesoft)				Silver Spring, MD

Worked on implementing the new Roth TSP and Roth TSP catch-up as required by OPM.Implemented the paperless CFC system.Worked on the Year-End processes for the federal government. These processes include Health Benefit Open season, Thrift Saving Plan (TSP) Catch-up and Union Dues stop and Annual CAN rollover process for last 5 years.



Modified the federal pay raise program as per the requirements of the client.Also developed a brand new Application Engine for giving employees retro pay during payraise and also created the par correction actions. As part of yearly pay raise the salary and locality tables were loaded from OPM website to PeopleSoft tables using SQRs. Created several data mover scripts to move data from one environment to another.



Worked on upgradingPeopleSoft tools from 8.22 to 8.50 and applications from 8.0 to 8.9.Worked on fit gap analysis between both versions. Modified several Application Engines to work with 8.50 tools environment. Performed several custom online changes to work with the 8.9 Application environment.Performed unit testing and validations with internal and external systems.Worked on bringing over user profiles and roles from 8.0 to 8.9. Performed migrations between different environments. Wrote several oracle scripts to assist with data validation. Assisted the team as needed on both technical and functional support during the upgrade process.



Wrote the complete DFAS payroll interface from scratch. Worked on both technical and functional specifications. Wrote the interface processes needed for Perdaily, NonSF50,Mypay and returns file.  Conversion programs were written using App Engine. Wrote several test script for data validation using PL/SQL.



Wrote mass process to help user enter mass par actions without keying the data for eachpar action.The user will enter only a few parameters on the run control page and the process will create an online par action.The process was written using Component Interface(CI) and Application Engine. Various reports and queries were createdusing Query Manager and PL/SQL to help users perform their day to day operation. Developed an Application Engine Program to convert Physician’s special pay to market pay.This involved converting employees from regular pay plans to special plan for market pay.The employee’s salary was recomputed via the program.



Provided System analysis for implementing Federal PS/HR, PS/Benefit and Payroll Interface. Designedand implemented the payroll interface between PeopleSoft and mainframe payroll system. Also setup the PeopleSoft Payroll Interface between PeopleSoft and internal mainframe payroll system. This involved Setting up individual fields and mapping them from external system to PeopleSoft. PeopleSoft record Views were created to support Payroll Interface. Oracle functions were created to support external processing. The file definition layout was created. Mapped translate values for payroll interface.





RADCOR TECHNOLOGY INC.						July 99 - December 2000

USI Internetworking (Consultant)						Annapolis, MD

Provided System analysis for implementing PS/HR and PS/PAYROLL. Gathered and analyzed business requirements.  New SQRs were written for Payroll and existing ones were modified.  Interface and conversion SQR’s were also written for loading and extracting data from PeopleSoft tables.  Provided system analysis for implementing interfacing of Peoplesoft 7.5 Purchasing module and ARIBA. SQRs were written for interfacing new, cancel and change Purchase order between ARIBA and Peoplesoft.

Applied patches and created data mover scripts.



Department of Veterans Affairs						Washington, DC

Responsible for the development and implementation of Federal Peoplesoft 7.5 HRMS system. Debugged the WGI process. Created new roles and database agents. Modified the delivered SQR.  Customized the application as per client requirements.  Support users on a daily basis on requested enhancements, testing production fixes, etc.  Created Design documents and test scripts.



RACAL COMMUNICATIONS						August 98 - June 99

PeopleSoft Systems Analyst 						Rockville, MD

Providing technical expertise for PS/HR, PS/BENEFIT and PS/PAYROLL such as fit/requirements, analysis, design and development of PeopleSoft objects along with setting up business unit and control tables. All Work is done in PeopleSoft 7.5 and Oracle 8.0.  Designed, developed, and tested interfaces using SQR.  Designed and developed reports using SQR.  Built a number of processes to load data into system using SQR and PL/SQL.





PRC INC							June 97-July98

PeopleSoft Systems Analyst 						Reston, VA

Implemented a Supply Chain system using INVENTORY, ORDER MANAGEMENT and PURCHASING modules in PeopleSoft 6.0/7.0. Responsibilities include mapping PRC’s business process to supply chain vanilla functionality.  Customized and tested panels, menus, records, operator class and operator security.  Inquiry screens and Prompt tables were created based on SQL Views using the application designer.  Developed and customized reports using SQR, Query and Crystal. People code was used to enforce business logic.  SQR reports were written for converting data from Deltex into PeopleSoft 7.0. Import manager was also used for conversion.  Apply patches using data mover and application designer.



LCI INTERNATIONAL 							March 95-May97

Software Engineer								McLean, VA

Designed a Leads Management Application Framework for corporate sales force, using Rumba’s OOD methodology, and built using ORACLE 7.2, PowerBuilder 5.0, and SalesVision. Implementation included front-end GUI components integrated with back-end database triggers and stored procedures.  Designed and developed an Order Processing System, used by LCI to process incoming user requests for various long distance services. Integrated system comprised of a set of four core applications that generated filtering, processing, scheduling, and persistence services. Report generation and transaction management services provided user-interaction with the system.  Performed DBA tasks including SQL tuning using Tkprof, roles creation, user profile generation, database export and import, and data loading using SQL loader.  Designed and developed a daemon server in Korn shell to implement an error-handling service embedding ORACLE transactions.



ACE										March 94-February 95

Programmer Analyst							Annandale, VA

Developed a point-of-sale and inventory system with an EDI-compatible front-end. The application was created using PowerBuilder 3.0 and ORACLE 7.0 running on a Microsoft NT server 3.0.  Various data entry forms were created. Numerous reports were created which could be either run on demand or scheduled.  Created database triggers and stored procedures using PL/SQL 2.0 to improve the performance and ensure code reusability across applications.



TECHNICAL TRAINING:

Peoplesoft 8.0: EPM, Application Engine, Integration Tools 

PeopleSoft 7.0: PeopleTools1, PeopleTools II, PeopleCode, SQR Report, Crystal Reports and Inventory

Oracle: Tuning Oracle Applications, Oracle PL/SQL and Oracle Forms 4.0

Siebel: Siebel Server Administration, Siebel Remote Administration, Configuring an Application using Siebel 99 Tools, Applying Siebel Visual Basic and Com Interfaces

Visual Basic: Mastering Visual Basic 6.0 Development



EDUCATION:

Masters of Science, Computer Science			American University, Washington, DC



Bachelors of Science,Computer Science	University of the District of Columbia, Washington, DC\n
BOBBIE BASS

Cordova, TN 38016    901-734-4442    Bmbtn17@gmail.com



SUMMARY:



Experienced Business Analyst / Technical Writer for information security, transportation systems, online digital marketing, networks and infrastructure, hardware, software, finance, travel, background screening, PeopleSoft AR/AP, inventory management, hotel management, telecommunications, satellite hubs, help desks and HP Service Manager Knowledge Base.



Documented and tested for quality, training procedures and presentations, processes and procedures, definition documents, business requirements, user acceptance training, infrastructure drawings, process flows, PeopleSoft AR/AP, ISO9001 compliance, and knowledge management articles.



Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills both written and verbal, with proven ability to bridge the gap between technical and non-technical personnel in fast paced environments.



Extensive project management experience, streamlining processes, defining budgets, cost accounting, procurement, expediting, contract administration and negotiation, scheduling and coordination of deliverables, and AR/AP.



EXPERIENCE:



FedEx Collierville, TN   Field Network Support - Field Network Planning   Aug 2016 - Feb 2017

Scheduled and tracked circuit and hardware installations for FedEx sites nationwide. Documented and streamlined processes and procedures. Analyzed and reconciled Cisco router and switches database to FedEx Network Database. Created presentations and emails for distribution to Managers / Directors.



Memphis Transit Authority, Memphis, TN   Technical Writer - Trolley Operations   Mar 2016 - June 2016

Documented procedures to safely operate, inspect and maintain Trolley’s.



FedEx Collierville, TN  Technical Writer / Business Analyst - Online Digital Marketing   Dec 2014 - Oct 2015

Documented and tested FedEx Ship, created business requirements, definition documents, processes and procedures and process flows for use by Developers on future enhancements. Owner of Enterprise Access Controls and Integration SharePoint.



Service Master, Memphis, TN   Security Analyst - Access Management   Apr 2014 - Jun 2014

Supported user security access in Remedy and JDE Solutions (systems) within the enterprise.



Service Master, Memphis, TN   Inventory Analyst - Inventory Management  Dec 2013 -  Feb 2014

Analyzed Inventory System to locate lost handheld devices and to eliminate excess inventory.  Located a half of a million dollars in missing inventory and diagnosed process discrepancies, and software issues within Inventory Management Tracking System.



FedEx Collierville, TN  Sr. Business Analyst / Technical Lead - Information Security Data Protection / Project Management   Sep 2012 - May 2013

Supported FedEx users in fast paced environment of network vulnerability and detection system incidents. Tested system, reported issues and recommended enhancements to Developers. Documented procedures, training presentations and status reports for distribution to V.P.’s, Directors and Managers. Decreased calls to Encryption help desk by enhancing procedures.



Smith and Nephew Memphis, TN  Technical Writer - Network Engineering   Jul 2012 - Dec 2012

Inventoried and located circuits to disconnect, processed disconnections, created database of worldwide circuits and infrastructure diagrams and maintained SharePoint.



Nike Memphis, TN  Technical Writer - Network Engineering    Jan 2012 - Jul 2012

Created network infrastructure diagrams, documented procedures and created Wiki’s for Avaya Telephones and Kronos Time and Attendance system, and maintained SharePoint.



Dell Nashville, TN  Sr. Knowledge Base Analyst - Boeing Enterprise Help Desk   Apr 2011 - Dec 2011

Knowledge Analyst / Technical Writer for Transition Team during fast paced implementation of Boeing's Enterprise Help Desk transition to Dell.  Participated in daily status meetings, identified gaps in knowledge base, documented training presentations and procedures for help desk agents and knowledge base. Decreased call handle time by recommending enhancements.



Hewlett Packard, Colorado Springs, CO  Technical Writer - Network Engineering   May 2009 - Sep 2009

Supported Project Managers and Network Engineers with the creation and revision of configuration documents, project plans, Enterprise IT and VOIP components, Cisco routers and switch diagrams.



Verified Person  Memphis, TN  Technical Writer - Software Engineering   Apr 2007 - Jun 2008

Documented procedures, business requirements, specifications, change requests and internet training presentations.  Tested and verified bug fixes. Responded to RFP’s from potential clients.



FedEx Collierville, TN  Technical Writer - Network Business Solutions    Jan 2006 - Dec 2006

Documented network engineering procedures for ISO9001 compliance project. Worked closely with Director by creating database for FedEx Charity and facilitated team building event to benefit children in LeBonheur.



Luminetx Memphis, TN  Technical Writer - Network Engineering    Sep 2005 - Jan 2006

Modified engineering drawings and documented procedures of new medical device “Vein Viewer”.  Facilitated RFP’s from potential vendors for company.

         

Harrah’s Memphis, TN  VP’s Assistant - Design and Construction    Oct 2004 - Oct 2005

Provided project management support for the design and construction of hotels and casinos.



FedEx Memphis, TN  Technical Writer - Worldwide Finance and Global Travel  Jul 2002 - Jul 2004

Supported PM’s with the implementation of five worldwide Shared Service Centers by extrapolating and creating summaries and presentations of worldwide accounting procedures. Tested and revised International Accounting and Collection procedures.  Supported the transition of Latin American AR/AP from Miami to Memphis by meeting with users, documenting PeopleSoft AR/AP processes and pay cycles, and training new employees. Negotiated rates for yearly updates to Global Travel database and located venues and negotiated contracts for special events for the company.



Holiday Inns, Promus Corporation, Harrah’s Casino’s and Hilton Hotels  Memphis, TN   1983 - 2002

Network Operations - Help Desk

Network Specialist - Engineering and Operations

Technical Writer / Training Specialist - Training and Development

Project Coordinator - Design and Construction 

EDUCATION:



Christian Brothers University  1989 - 1990 Communications

University of Memphis  1991 - 1992 Communications

Southwest TN Community College  1992 - 1995 Information Technology

    

CERTIFICATIONS AND TRAINING:



Quality Driven Management - FedEx Collierville, TN

ITIL - Dell Nashville, TN

Web Master - New Horizons Computer Learning Center Memphis, TN

Fundamentals of Data Communications - Christian Brothers University Memphis, TN

Introduction to Local Area Networks - Christian Brothers University Memphis, TN

The Technical Manager - Christian Brothers University Memphis, TN

Effective Business Communications - Christian Brothers University Memphis, TN

Satellite Operations - Hughes Network Systems Gaithersburg, MD

Project Management Basics - American Management Association Memphis, TN

Primavera Project Planning - Evan’s Technologies Orlando, FL

Effective Speaking and Human Relations - Dale Carnegie Memphis, TN

Developing Effective Computer Documentation - Information Mapping Memphis, TN



SOFTWARE:



MS Office, Project, Visio, Front Page

People Soft, AR/AP, Procurement 

Primavera Project Management and Contract Control

Adobe PhotoShop, Pagemaker, 

Kronos Time and Attendance

HTML 

PHP\n
‍‍Julianah Ale 	

6202 Springhill Dr, Greenbelt, MD 20770 | C.240-475-1220 | queen.juu@gmail.com



Ambitious student studying Biology at Anne Arundel Community College. Possesses strong interpersonal skills and a desire to pursue a career in Orthodontistry. Detail-oriented student with strong organizational skills. Enthusiastic science major with efficient communication skills and strong motivation to succeed. Extensive experience in customer service with the utmost professionalism.

Ambitious student studying Biology at Anne Arundel Community College. Possesses strong interpersonal skills and a desire to pursue a career in Orthodontistry. Detail-oriented student with strong organizational skills. Enthusiastic science major with efficient communication skills and strong motivation to succeed. Extensive experience in customer service with the utmost professionalism.Overview





Education and Coursework



Associate of Science: Biology

Anne Arundel Community College – Hanover, MD, USA  



 Anne Arundel Community College- Hanover, MD, USA 

aNN







Anne Arundel Community College- Hanover, MD, USA 









Associate of Science: Biology

Anne Arundel Community College – Hanover, MD, USA  



 Anne Arundel Community College- Hanover, MD, USA 

aNN







Anne Arundel Community College- Hanover, MD, USA 







2019:

          





High School Diploma 

Eleanor Roosevelt High School- Greenbelt, MD, USA 

Coursework in Chemistry, Biology, Art and Ceramics. Furthered education by joining FBLA, Future Business Leaders of America group.



High School Diploma 

Eleanor Roosevelt High School- Greenbelt, MD, USA 

Coursework in Chemistry, Biology, Art and Ceramics. Furthered education by joining FBLA, Future Business Leaders of America group.

2015: 









Bowie High School- Bowie, MD, USA

Coursework includes 2 years of French, 2 years of Spanish, AP Art Studio, Sculpture, Literature, African American Studies, and Modern World History.

Bowie High School- Bowie, MD, USA

Coursework includes 2 years of French, 2 years of Spanish, AP Art Studio, Sculpture, Literature, African American Studies, and Modern World History.2013: 

Employment History 



Paradyme Management- Greenbelt, MD, USA 

Paradyme Management- Greenbelt, MD, USA 09/2015 to Current      



Crew Member & Takeout Specialist 

Chipotle Mexican Grill- Greenbelt, MD, USA

 

Crew Member & Takeout Specialist 

Chipotle Mexican Grill- Greenbelt, MD, USA

 11/2013 to 02/2015      

                                      

Community Service Achievement 



Interacting and caring effectively for the needs of children, including homework, hygiene, and safety. 

Develop play-based curriculum's

Lead craft sessions with children

Coordinated sports and activities 

Foster relationships with children and parents from diverse cultural backgrounds and build community involvement.

Interacting and caring effectively for the needs of children, including homework, hygiene, and safety. 

Develop play-based curriculum's

Lead craft sessions with children

Coordinated sports and activities 

Foster relationships with children and parents from diverse cultural backgrounds and build community involvement.

My responsibilities at Grade A USA Learning Center made a huge impact on my life. Along with teaching me time management, I also developed skills that will remain with me forever. I have been involved with the learning center since eighth grade, and I finally departed from them my eleventh grade year due to relocating. Today I am proud to say that I obtained 955 service hours throughout my years of volunteering, the most in my graduating class. This is my most prized achievement.

My responsibilities at Grade A USA Learning Center made a huge impact on my life. Along with teaching me time management, I also developed skills that will remain with me forever. I have been involved with the learning center since eighth grade, and I finally departed from them my eleventh grade year due to relocating. Today I am proud to say that I obtained 955 service hours throughout my years of volunteering, the most in my graduating class. This is my most prized achievement.







                          

Page 2\n
	

MERINA	JOY	
	500	23rd	Street,	Apt	B409		Washington	DC	20037		(202)	394-6062		merinajoy@gmail.com	
https://www.linkedin.com/in/merinajoy	

EDUCATION		
	
George	Washington	University,	School	of	Business,	 	
	
	
	
	
	
								Washington,	DC		
Master	of	Science	in	Information	Systems	Technology	|	GPA:	3.6/4	
May	2017		
Specializations:	Web	&	Social	Analytics,	Intro	to	Business	Analytics,	Data	Warehousing	and	Project	Management	
Certification:	Online	Salesforce	certified	training;	passed	10	modules	(During	Internship)	
	
University	of	Mumbai		 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
										Mumbai,	India		
Bachelor	of	Engineering	in	Information	Technology		
July	2013	
Specializations:	M-commerce	and	Artificial	Intelligence	
Certification:	LaTeX	and	Python:	Workshop	-	IIT	Bombay;	passed	online	Spoken	Tutorial	examination	
		
	

TECHNICAL	SKILLS	
	
Software	Applications:																																							Tableau,	Salesforece,	Informatica,	JMP-SAS,	MicroStratergy,	AWS,	Autosys,		
Business	Intelligence,	BOXI,	UNIX,	SSRS,	Google	Analytics,	JIRA,	Service	Now	
Web	Development/	Programming:			
HTML,	JavaScript,	CSS,	Java,	C++,	R	
Database	Technologies:		 	
	
Sybase,	Oracle,	Toad,	MYSQL	
	

PROJECT	

	

	
Albertsons	International	Pvt.	Ltd	
	
	 												Mumbai,	India	
Software	Programmer	(Project:	Digital	Signage)	
	
	May	2012	–	Nov	2012	
• Built	 a	 network	 of	 customizable	 digital	 displays,	 which	 could	 be	 remotely	 controlled	 using	 computer	 to	 modify	 the	
content	presented	on	screens	using	PHP,	Python	and	MY	SQL.	
	

EXPERIENCE		
	
Resonate	Networks	
																	Reston,	VA	
Business	Process	Analyst	Intern	
					June	2016	-	Present	
• Created	a	Yearly,	Quarterly	and	monthly	statistical	dashboard	in	Tableau	that	displays	the	financial	status	of	the	firm.	It	
represents	 all	 the	 present	 Account	 holders	 capitalizing	 in	 the	 business	 and	 predicts	 the	 future	 standing	 of	 these	
investments.	It	gives	a	detailed	view	displayed	in	Tableau	with	data	extraction	from	Salesforce.	
• Automated	procedures	by	converting	Salesforce	Apex	code	into	Workflows,	processes	and	Visual	force	pages.	
• Migrated	Tableau	worksheets/dashboards	from	ver.	8.1	to	10.0	on	the	server	and	tested	the	same	across	all	platforms.	
• Coded	 a	 generalized	 colour	 schema	 in	 Tableau	 with	 Resonate	 shades	 for	 the	 company,	 for	 the	 same	 to	 be	 applied	
across	all	worksheets/dashboards	created	in	the	organization.	
	
George	Washington	University,	School	Of	Business		
										Washington,	DC			
Teaching	Assistant,	Subject:	Human	Computer	Interaction		
			Jan	2016	–	Apr	2016	
• Grading	Assignments,	reviewing	discussion	boards	and	providing	guidance	to	students	for	final	project	submission.		
	
BNP	Paribas		
																												Mumbai,	India	
Support	Analyst		
	
		Jun	2013	–	Jun	2015	
• Performed	 cross	 departmental	 production	 releases	 by	 using	 Informatica,	 Tableau	 and	 ETL	 tools	 also	 created	 monthly	
statistical	reports,	analyzed	the	data	and	presented	it	to	the	high	end	business	users.	
• Managed	 production	 feed,	 live	 positions	 of	 trade	 for	 the	 users,	 problem	 solving	 related	 to	 capital	 market	 and	 fixed	
income	 transactions	 using	 Autosys	 and	 in-house	 schedulers,	 databases	 included	 Sybase,	 MS	 SQL,	 Oracle	 and	 Cube	
database	on	Windows	and	Unix	environments.	
• Implemented	 functional	 and	 regression	 tests	 for	 all	 production	 releases	 and	 analyzed	 and	 solved	 user	 issues	 relating			
to	functional	aspects	of	the	projects.	
	

EXTRACURRICULAR	
•
•

•

BNP	Paribas	India	Solutions:	Represented	the	Transversal	department	in	the	MobiFair	(2015)	
Xavier	 Institute	 of	 Technology:	 Primary	 Technical	 supervisor	 for	 cultural	 and	 Sporting	 events	 in	 college	 festivals	
consecutively	(2011,	2012,	2013)	
Deeds	of	Kindness	NGO:	Volunteer	(also	attended	Social	Outreach	programs	throughout	school)					

\n
RAJAN SUBRAMANIAN
(US CITIZEN)
e-mail: rajvkk@yahoo.com

638 Quail Run Dr, Murphy, TX 75094

Ph # (469) 323 3345

SAP HANA PROGRAM MANAGER|| SR. PROJECTS MANAGER
SAP HANA || S/4 HANA || SAP FI-CO, SCM, HR, MDM || ERP || BI, BW
IT/SAP - HANA - ECC - BW - Agile - Scrum - Strategy – Program Management – Engagement –Delivery - Operation

PROFILE
An accomplished business and technology Strategic Senior SAP HANA Program Manager with 20 plus year spans
Fortune 500 and mid-size organization with significant domestic and international experience in SAP HANA (1.0 SP12,
2.0) , S/4 HANA, BI, BW (7.3,7.5), ECC 6.0, SAP FI-CO, SCM, SD, MDM, HR, PM, MM Integrating technology platforms,
integrating multiple legacy systems (Oracle 10.2 to 11.0g, PeopleSoft, IBM DB2 etc..) HANA Roadmap, IT/SAP, nonSAP, HANA Program full implementations, blueprinting, with strategic, tactical approach and cost savings (on average
15% to 20%) of the estimated budget.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Leadership – Adept at leading/managing cross-functional programs (SAP,non-SAP,IT)
Capable and proven capacity of leading high performance teams (PMs, Architects, Team Leads, Developers,
Testers, Security) under tough deadline to meet expectations of multiple internal and external customers
Strong communication skills (verbal and written)
Problem solver – Creativity and forethought in solving complex SAP, SAP HANA related project issues
Organization ability and multi-tasking skills
Service Orientation – “People person”, “hands-on” as needed and team leader
Project Management: Microsoft Project, ASAP, waterfall, Agile, SCRUM, Primavara, Crystal Reports..

Successful at developing and executing an information technology strategy that supports the goals of many > $10B dollar
clients organizations and contributes to the bottom line. Handled complex IT/SAP Delivery, Consulting Stream (> $100M),
SAP HANA Engagement (> $25M) which includes Program management, Software Product Development, Client
relationship, Vendors, Partners Development, Change Management, HANA Roadmap, Application Development (AD),
Application maintenance (AM) and Support Management, IP, Training (HEC KT, HANA Transition plan).
My program management and Project Management experience includes SAP ERP Transformation ($250M), SAP green
field Implementation, SAP HANA (HEC, on-Premises), s/4 HANA, SAP Re-Platform to SAP HANA, HANA (DMOSUM) migrations projects, several SAP HANA, BW, ECC upgrades & migration projects, Business Intelligence (BI),
Big Data Analytics (HANA, Hadoop, IBM Netezza), Reporting Tools (BOBI 4.0, 4.1, Cognos, MSBI), IT/SAP management
consulting, Software product Development, Engineering programs, Enterprise Mobility, SAP GRC, SAP HANA, HEC
(HANA Enterprise Cloud), HANA “Side-Car” POC/PILOT/PROD, SAP ERP, BW 7.31, 7.4, ECC, MM, FI-CO, HR, PM,
SCM (Order to Cash, order fulfillment, MTO etc) SD, CRM, BPC 10.1, Business Suite on HANA, SAP S/4 HANA, BW
powered by HANA, OLAP, OLTP, Oracle, data base technologies, ETL, and SAP/non SAP (Informatica, Hyperion,
Microstrategy) solution architecture and data modeling capabilities and aligning IT with corporate vision. Put together, led,
mentor onsite and off shore talent teams, and managing budget. Trusted Technical and Management Advisor reporting
to CxOs, VP and Director. Managed and delivery execution of SAP GRC, SAP Security, SAP Basis, SAP HANA project
with Global IT Consulting implementation partners, vendors and system integrators.
An innovative, established leader, strategic thinker, well-disciplined organization and planning skills, adaptability and
results-oriented executive, self-motivated with great positive attitude, conflict resolution, vendor negotiation, great on
talent identification, evaluation and recruitment, with excellent communication, presentation skills and strong work ethic.
Specialized in IT/Software entrepreneurial start-up and high technology environments, rapid growth and turnaround
opportunities in manufacturing, energy (oil & gas, utilities), wireless, retail, banking, automotive, electronics, and
healthcare/pharmaceutical industries. GRC/SAP Governance, Program/Project Management, Planning, Capacity and
Cost Projections, IT specializing in entrepreneurial environments, rapid growth and turnaround opportunities. Involved in
multiple SAP/non SAP solution architecture, delivery, program management and leadership roles. Following are the
selected expertise & accomplishments:
•

Facilitate, Manage and Overseeing the execution, control of several end to end program/project implementation
in SAP HANA, HEC, HANA “Side-Car” POC/Use case, SAP Basis, ECC, BW, migrations, upgrades, BI, BPC,
FI-CO, HR, PM, SCM, SD, Big Data Analytics (Hadoop), Cloud, Mobility, MongoDB, MuleSoft, RESTful Web

RAJAN SUBRAMANIAN
(US CITIZEN)
e-mail: rajvkk@yahoo.com

•

•

•

•

•

•

•
•
•

638 Quail Run Dr, Murphy, TX 75094

Ph # (469) 323 3345

Services, JSON, Java, SQL, SAP HANA Oracle, IBM, and integrated solutions as BW on HANA, and Business
Suite on HANA with on time delivery with appropriate Functional and Technical knowledge and experience.
Establish and implement program and project methodologies, project artifacts and processes, facilitate resolution
of cross-team business issues amongst business groups and work as team player relating to SAP and HANA, BI
and Data migrations. Research business and technology trends. Influence business and technology direction.
Direct, hire and manage a team size of 100 + people (off shore, onsite, matrix) in SAP Consulting Stream
($100M+ potential value), SAP and HANA Engagement ($25M+ potential), Program. Managed and handled P&L
$50 M + and project operation budgets and people.
As a SAP HANA Solution Architect Lead, worked in multiple projects in the area of HANA, SLT, ECC, SAP BI
4.0/BW 7.0, 7.3, SAP BW on HANA, BI Extractors LO Cockpit, CO-PA, FI-CO, PM, RDS, JVA, SPM, Experience
in HANA Data Modeling, Attribute view, Analytical view and Calculation View, assessment and diagnose issues
with their current BI-BO architecture & cubes and related performance issues, performance tuning, data
provisioning, SQL Script, E-R Data Modeling, architecting, reporting & analytic solutions in a Data Warehouse,
including BI/BW requirement gathering, requirement analysis, documenting functional specifications, designing
process solutions, technical design and development, cutover and go-live support and post-production support.
Experience with SAP HANA, trained and completed HANA Pilot/PoC/Prototype and production experience.
Managed, Directed and Architected Solutions team in HANA Reporting/BOBI 4.0, Webi Crystal Reports,
Dashboards (FI Reports: Costing Analysis, Financial Forecasting, Treasury, Financial Planning, Budgets, Cash
Flow Analysis), and PM Reports: (Cost Analysis, Breakdown Analysis, Equipment Performance, MTTR/MTBR etc).
Led successful large SAP global teams through complex program and project tasks. Project Management focus
areas include project planning, financial management, staffing, budget estimation, RFP, Resource Management
(Hiring etc.) and scope management.
Strong Business Analytics background, ability to consult with Executives effectively. Talent acquisition, Led and
develop project team members. Integrate with multiple projects to support a program approach. Work with business
partners to understand business process needs and analyze requirements and delivered on time /critical dead lines.
Worked with partners and vendors (SAP, IBM, Deloitte, Accenture), Senior Executives in Sales, CoE, demos, and
representation of SAP HANA Solutions at customer meetings, tradeshows, and conferences.
Posses functional experience in building data models across functional areas (Finance, Controlling, Human
Resources, Plant Maintenance, Supply chain, Treasury, sales, Inventory etc.)
Knowledge in Mobility Technology platform using SAP Fiori, SAP Mobile Platform (SMP) including AFARIA and
SAP HANA solutions and worked with SAP team for the mobile solutions for the FICO, PM Reporting on iPAD.

EDUCATION
•
•
•
•

Ph.D, Mechanical Engineering (Modeling, CS), Colorado State University, Fort Collins, Colorado, USA.
MS, Mechanical Engineering, (CS,PM,EE), Colorado State University, Fort Collins, Colorado, USA.
B.E, ME, (Computer Science/Finance/Accounting/PM/IE), TCE, Madurai University, Madurai, India.
Completed SAP HANATraining SAP HANA 1.0, SAP HANA HA 100, HA 300, following Certification from
SAP: HANA - introduction to software development on SAP HANA, Mobility software development ; SAP BI
platform innovation and implementation; sap business suite powered by HANA, s/4 HANA.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sustain Tech, SAP HANA Sr.Program/Project Manager – 09/2015 – Present
Sr.Program Director || Project Manager Sr - SAP HANA (SoH (ERPoH,BWoH) - DMO-SUM Migration) , PI/PO, SolMan,
Redwood - Current assignment with an Utility/Energy Client for SAP Re-Platform from Oracle to SAP HANA with multiple
migrations and Upgrades (ECC, BW, DMO-SUM, HANA, SolMan, PO, IS-Oil, etc.). Involved and assisting this client in
the following areas of Program /Project Management Leadership as well HANA Technical aspects of PM tasks and
activities.
• Managed, provided mentorship and direction to over 30+ people (Architect, Developers, Testers (Functional,
QTP, AT).
• Conduct meetings :SCRUM, EOD Team Huddle, Issues Resolution, C-Level, Stakeholders, BCT.
rd
• Integrating multiple legacy systems (Oracle, PeopleSoft, 3 party DB etc..) into SAP
• Assist infrastructure team in HANA Hardware Sizing
• Generated Blue Print for this End to End Program

RAJAN SUBRAMANIAN
(US CITIZEN)
e-mail: rajvkk@yahoo.com
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•

•
•

638 Quail Run Dr, Murphy, TX 75094

Ph # (469) 323 3345

Arranged and provided HANA Training
Followed DMO-SUM (ECC 6.0, BI/BW (7.3 to 7.5) Migrations and upgrade
Created SAP HANA Roadmap (SAP HANA, S/4 HANA)
Assisted HANA Security related project artifacts and technical workshop and training
Created and implemented detail Project Plan, WBS Tasks and activities.
Identified and track the success of 50+ SAP HANA, PO, SolMan, Redwood deliverables for this program
Assisted in creating Enterprise BI Reporting Strategy
Provided project related SAP Experience in the areas of FICO, OGSD, HR, PI/PO
Other Projects at SST:
Worked with a SAP partner company in MD, created and submitted FDA EBP BI/Business Objects reporting
program RFP proposing SAP HANA/SAP BI proposal ($30M Phase 1 and Phase 2)
Worked with SAP Partner edge and SAP RFP team on OSU Finance Data warehouse Transformation from their
Legacy system to SAP HANA. This is a Cloud solution with SAP HANA and future S/4 HANA. ($ 4M potential for
Phase 1)
Completed the several POC of migration of AA, GL, Ledgers, Company Code Finance Data from Simple Finace
to S/4 HANA and Simple Finance 1503 and S4 1605.
RFP on ERP end to end solution using SAP HANA and Cloudera for MD state project ($ 4.5M potential)

Corning, Wipro Analytics, SAP BI/ERP Transformation, NY. 3/2015 – 8/2015
Sr.Program/Projects Manager– Provided IT leadership for an End to End SAP ERP Transformation program ($ 250M)
which involves SAP Basis, SAP Security, SAP GRC, BI Analytics, SAP S/4 HANA Technology Assessment, BW on
HANA and BI Reporting, MDM, Cognos, MSBI, People soft, Road maps, Blue Printing & Realization, Roll-out, Onpremises, Work-shop plans, Cloud solutions, Infrastructure, POV, Accelerators, Frame work, Wipro Flex Cloud, and value
realization models.
• Developed ERP, BI and Analytics strategies based on Client’s vision, strategic priorities and business
enablement needs.
• Collaborate with other IT groups and business to identify and prioritize business capability improvements.
• Apply a value framework to understand and develop domestic and international BU’s business cases.
• Analyze efficiently deliver business value and asset optimization technology planning services such as business
and technical assessments and roadmaps to introduce new SAP HANA, S/4 HANA technologies, platforms and
applications.
• Present persuasive recommendations that are well-supported by clear, concise and logical approaches based on
relevant information and circumstances. Take into account new information as it becomes available.
National Grid/Wipro Technologies, Waltham, MA. 3/2014 – 3/2015
SAP HANA Sr.Program/ Projects Manager - Report to CIO. Responsible for SAP HANA HEC End to End Full
Implementation program/project which includes SAP Security, BI/BW/ECC, SAP HANA SideCar/HANA DATA
MART/BOBI4.0/Business Intelligence Analytic/Architecture, SAP HANA HEC CLOUD Strategy, Roadmaps, blur-print,
SAP HANA POC/Pilot/Prod. BW, ECC on HANA Assessment, Evaluation and comparison of Reporting tools. Interface
and contribute with SAP FI, SCM,HR, BPC, MM, 3rd party tools, BI vendors,partners, business leaders/ stake holders,
partners, customers and technical support groups and represent in various internal and external forums to achieve
customer goals. Participate and provide technical guidance and mentor ship to a team size of 100+ (offshore/onsite) in
architect and designing SAP HANA, Security, BOBI Analytics implementations. SAP Architect with overall technical
responsible for design, development, and implementation of the end to end SAP from legacy systems.
• Single point of contact for HANA HEC, projects in ECC,BI,BW 7.31, SCM, FI, HR,MDM, HANA models reports.
• Managed and directed a team of 70 people (developers, architect, PM, testers) both on site and off shore in
India. Led SAP Security and SAP Basis team for security clean up activities as part of the migrations.
• Developed project schedule along with project plans and worked with team leads to create robust work break
down structures (WBS) to track the plan and manage the delivery of schedules.
• Managed test plans, test strategies, test scripts etc included in project plan.
• Provided SAP HANA program/project management along with SAP Excellent leadership to multiple concurrent
SAP implementations (Upgrades, Migrations, Enhancements etc.)
• Work closely with project Business Analyst, Data Architects, Data Scientists, BW Developers, ABAPers,
Technical Team, basis to ensure end to end implementations secured and tracked to meet the plan.

RAJAN SUBRAMANIAN
(US CITIZEN)
e-mail: rajvkk@yahoo.com
•
•

•

638 Quail Run Dr, Murphy, TX 75094

Ph # (469) 323 3345

Successfully completed the HANA transition projects on time from SAP to AM and AD team which includes,
Knowledge Transfer plan, training, testing, cost model, HANA security, HANA USFP Reporting Documents.
Proposed HANA Engagement Plan (potential value is $ 25 M+) with design, develop, deploy POC/Use cases for
high performance SCM reports (OTC, Intercompany reconciling etc) which includes hardware sizing, cloud,
mobility solutions, involved in upgrade and migration strategies for BW, BI, BPC, BW 7.4 powered by HANA.
Delivered an architected HANA solution for HR Payroll, FI, CO, SCM POC/Use cases for data loading, data
model simplification and reporting performance. Upgraded BW 7.3 -7.4, and BPC 7.0-BPC 10.1 with SAP HANA.

Marathon Oil Corporation/Wipro Technologies, Houston,TX. 10/2013 – 3/2014
Sr. Project Manager – Responsible for SAP HANA, SAP BI/BW 7.3 ON HANA, ECC 6.0, FI-C0, JVA, BPC, SCM, PM,
MM, HR, operation and production support activities, and multiple development projects
•
•
•

•

Delivered the Transformation of current BW, ECC IT Landscape program/projects with SAP HANA, ECC, BW
and BI solutions for performance, efficiency, simpler data model, fast speed and flexibility.
Successfully completed projects Involved in SAP HANA, BI/BW 7.3 architecture decision, SAP HANA “Side-car”
Accelerators, Data Mart, SAP BW on HANA, SCM, PM, HR, FI, CO, review and approve FS,TS HANA Modeling.
Managed a team of 20 people in off-shore and 10 people onsite team in multiple projects in HANA Data
Modeling, current BW-BOBI architecture and related performance tuning, data provisioning, SQL Script, reporting
and analytic solutions.
Deployed HANA Mobility project with SAP for the FI Reports: Costing Analysis, Forecasting, Treasury, Planning,
Budgets and PM Reports: MTTR/MTBR, Breakdown Analysis, Equipment Performance.

Sysco Corporation, Houston, TX. 06/2013 – 10/2013
Sr.Project Manager / Sr. Principal Consultant
As an SAP HANA Project Manager, delivered projects around SAP HANA, BI/BW, SLT products including design,
configuration, testing, and support. Replicated all the necessary transactional data and CO-PA, XML data from ECC. to
HANA via SLT. Architected SAP HANA related Business Objects (BOBJ) reporting solutions for the implementation and
support of operational /analytical reporting (Dashboards, Analysis for Office, Web Intelligence, Crystal).
• Worked with BI team supports reporting/analytics needs for multiple business units and about 3000 active users.
Solutions provided by BI team span numerous technologies (Business Objects, Cognos, Tableau, SAP BW,
Netezza).
• Modeled several multi providers, info providers, info cubes and DSOs on SAP HANA 1.0, SP6 from ECC, BW
7.3. Direct and coordinate with offshore team for report development, IDT, UDT and report deliveries.
• Developed documentation to support the client knowledge transfer in SAP ECC, SAP HANA, COPA, SLT, BW.
• Architected SAP HANA solutions from ECC using SLT, BW with BODS in FI, CO-PA areas and related BOBI 4.0
Report development using IDT, UDT, Universe for Webi, and Crystal Report delivery.
• Led, directed, coordinated offshore team for HANA, Information models, multi providers, info cubes and DSOs.
• Designed and Implemented ASAP project phases: Blue print, Design, Build, Test, Deploy, Go-Live HANA KTs,
Training and Production Support.
VKNetworks IT Solutions, Plano, TX.
2010 - 2012
Senior Program Manager - SAP BW 7.0, 7.3, ECC
Proposed SAP HANA solution to a high volume manufacturing corporation and demonstrated POC using SAP HANA
Studio, and SAP HANA Database interms of real time cash flow analysis. Engagements, projects/programs from IT, SAP
HANA Solution Architect, Development & Data Modeling, Networks, SAP, software, and development to production
conforming out of compliance programs through risk identification and mitigation Various Customer Space:
Manufacturing, Finance, Energy, Healthcare, and Aerospace.
• Experience in SAP HANA Data Provisioning using Flat files, BODS 4.0, and SAP LT Replication server (SLT)
• Completed a case study of SAP Netweaver 7.3 BW on HANA project. Deployed BW on HANA includes hardware
sizing, data center prep, hardware, system landscape, import, export BW data, HANA Data modeling projects.
• Experience in Retail space identifying, working with customers in presenting technologies, architecture,
frameworks and standards to meet with their requirements (MongoDB, MuleSoft, RESTful Web Services, JSON,
Java, SQL, SAP HANA)
Cisco, Texert, Inc, Addison, TX.
Sr.Program Manager – IT Product Management – Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC)

2008 – 2010

RAJAN SUBRAMANIAN
(US CITIZEN)
e-mail: rajvkk@yahoo.com

638 Quail Run Dr, Murphy, TX 75094

Ph # (469) 323 3345

Reported to the President & CEO. Provided support, and successful completion of corporate wide management for all
diversified data and reports related projects and all handled all the aspects PM functions in Information Technology,
Business Intelligence, GRC architecture, Predictive Analytics, Oracle, Data Modeling, Data Optimization, software design,
product development projects.
• Led software development project lifecycle and enterprise risk management applications includes interact
with matrix management in product application, architecture, data analysis, design, and testing
• Managed client’s expectation, implementation strategy including driving negotiations, contract structure, budget,
on time delivery, WBS and time management.
• Successfully completed IT projects and Demonstrated QMS Risk Software to address ISO 9001 and ISO 14001
Audit controls Business Process Mapping (BPM), Business Intelligence (BI) & Data Warehousing in Oracle DB.
• Worked with & managed BIG 4 clients and other service customers (KPMG, Cap Gemini, Deloitte, Accenture,
IBM), implementation strategy including driving negotiations, contract structure, and time management.
Maxim Integrated Products, Dallas, TX.
2006 – 2008
Business Manager/SAP Project Manager
Report to General Manager. Responsible for the sales, business development, marketing, engineering, design and
development and IT/SAP program, projects in the areas of SAP ECC, FICO, SD, BW, MM Interfaces to legacy systems
and the inbound/outbound EDI/IDOC origin and processing and support of customizations for functions. Traveled (50%)to
Taiwan, Japan, India, China, Europe.
Filtronics, Santa Clara, CA
2001– 2005
Director/Sr. IT Program Manager
Report to CEO & GM. Developed and implemented multiple projects, provided company-wide direction, leadership for IT,
Software product strategy, business alignment, companywide staffing, and budget. Directed and managed a team size of
50 + people includes project/program managers, IT engineers, global sales and marketing, inside sales, P&L, forecast,
attending and presenting in conferences, tradeshows, product demo at customer sites, training sales force and marketing
forces, application engineering, multi projects, technical support, software consultants ((SAP- SD/FICO/Oracle/CRM).
Budget Size is $20M budget.
Andrew Corporation, Richardson, TX.
2000-2001
Business Unit Manager / Sr. Program Manager
Reported to Group President. Responsible for Global rollout of SAP R/3 Implementation starting from USA, India, China
and then onto the APAC and European regions. Managed the implementation of high profile SAP/IT/software and
hardware project, includes managing consultants from a system Integrator, several in-house resources. Negotiated
supplier/customer contracts, developed and managed budgets, technology both hardware and software, pricing, quote
(RFI/RFQ) request, OEM, distributor, design, testing, and project controls. Supervised, managed, mentor, set goals and
objectives and directed a group of project manager, Consultants, engineers and programmers. Developed and deployed
the standard project implementation methodology to implement SAP (Basis, Security, MM, FI-CO, SD, BW). Identified
Business requirements for SAP implementation & assisted in creation of SAP Optimization and Business Blue Prints for
Business Units in USA and other manufacturing plants.
Nokia, Dallas, TX.
1998 - 2000
Project Manager – SAP R/3 Project
Managed, assisted and interfaced with SAP R/3 (MM/PM/QM, Basis, Security) end to end SAP implementation
project team in high volume manufacturing, audit plans and schedules, project cost estimates, and task coordination.
• Managed delivery of SAP projects against aggressive budget(s) and timeline(s).
• Participated creation of SAP project proposals (RFPs), participate in SAP demo and negotiations
• Provide project management as well as delivery leadership to multiple concurrent SAP implementations
• Gained SAP experience and supporting the SAP analysis, design, construction and implementation phases of
the SAP project to implement SAP R/3 (PM/QM/MM) in the areas of Equipment Maintenance orders,
MTTR/MTBR, Master Production Scheduling, Bill of Material (BOM), Work Centers, Inventory Management and
Production Order
RFM, Inc, Addison, TX.
1993 – 1997
Senior Program Manager – Handled Multiple Technology Projects with associated PM management skills.

\n
Jared J Ross
9522 Meadows Farm Dr.
Owings Mills, MD, 21117
(443)-388-2906
jaredrossj@gmail.com

SKILLS & ABILITIES
● Microsoft Office Suite Certified
● Proficient in Java, HTML, C++, Visual Basic
● Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel, Powerpoint, Access
EDUCATION

Carver Center for Arts and Technology HS
I.T Prime
938 York Rd
Towson, MD 21204
Graduated 2014

2011

2010-2014

College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural
Sciences,College Park, Md. Major in Computer Science.
B.A. anticipated in May 2018.

WORK EXPERIENCE
● Amideast
May 2015-August 2015
○
Duties: Reformat and set up Computers
Troubleshoot issues
Assist with networking of office
● Barcoding Inc: Project Assistant
2013-2014
○
Duties: Develop apps,
Manage Amazon storefront,
Prototype new technology,
Create spreadsheets to assist in vertical market research,
Assist in creating application based solutions for customers
●

XP Lasersports:Front Desk
○
Duties: Worked the cash register,
Operated phones,
Assisted in the creation of programs

2013-2014

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
● Future Business Leaders of America- Member
2012-2014
● Paintball Club
August 2013-December 2013
● Varsity Tennis
2010-2014

REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

\n
Justin Omps

131 Omps Drive, Winchester, VA 22601

Cell: 703.501.8513

justin.omps@gmail.com

EXPERIENCE



September 2013 – Present: Freelance Consultant, Your Finest Hour - help leaders increase their effectiveness by exploring case studies in historical and modern leadership.  I provide coaching and seminars to address the challenges that leaders face at all levels of an organization.

• Worked with researchers and RAF veterans to develop a team-based, trust-building exercise that replicates the high-pressure environment of a WW2 command center.

• Presented 5 seminars to senior executives in industry (Mitre, SAIC, Cooley, PMI, etc.) and federal government (FBI, DHS, etc.).



September 2015 – Present: Vice President, Omps Funeral Home – Lead a corporation comprising 3 branches, 40+ people, and 4.5 million dollars in annual sales. Responsible for setting strategic priorities, revenue targets, and determining advertising strategies. Initiate and manage enterprise-wide projects to increase revenue. Facilitate organizational development meetings and interventions with the senior executive staff. 

• Reduced annual operating expenses by $100K by modernizing and consolidating 5 IT platforms.

• Increased sales at Reception Center 150% with a new pricing strategy and marketing campaign. 

• Improved employee morale and retention by deploying a part-time team to handle after-hours calls. 



September 2009 – September 2015: Owner, Tryton Exploration Gear – Managed every facet of an LLC that designed and sold products for SCUBA diving.  Designed an inductively-charged, waterproof flashlight and negotiated a manufacturing contract in China.  Handled all aspects of product testing, FCC compliance, and US Customs compliance to import products. Created and executed marketing and sales campaigns using print, digital, and social media.

• Brought flashlight concept to market in less than 2 years.

• Passed novel flashlight charging system through all legal and regulatory requirements in less than 3 months.

• Cut product development timeframe by 200% through rapid prototyping using 3D modeling and 3D printing work flow.

• Generated over $80K in revenue during the first year on the market.



June 2008 – November 2015: Owner, Studio Gemini, LLC – Ran all aspects of a small consultancy that provided customers with organizational development, leadership, and project management consulting. Worked with private and government clients to increase their leaders' effectiveness, develop project management practices, and deploy organizational training. 

• Achieved an average 25% margin on all services during 8 years of contract engagement.

• Deployed training on OSHA regulations and electrical safety at 13 overseas posts to over 300 students representing 90 countries through a 5-year BPA with Department of State.

• Trained and supported over 1,300 employees during a system upgrade at the Department of Justice.

• Provided training for 2,500 students in 7 countries for Department of State’s SMART implementation.

• Converted a 30-day support contract into a 5-year consulting engagement with the US Courts.

• Designed and delivered training on Project Management and Risk Management during creation of the IT PMO at US Census Bureau. 



March 2005 – May 2008: Project Manager, McDonald Bradley Inc. - Supervised and managed effort to build and deploy a training effort to over 60 field sites. Created and managed pilot and implementation projects for new software integration efforts. Managed all aspects of PM life cycle, from Project Initiation to Project Closeout. Tracked and reported progress against baselined schedules using Earned Value Management (EVM). Developed all training materials using Instructional System Design (ISD). Integrated training development into software development release cycles. Led effort to deploy Computer-Based Training (CBT) and Web-Based Training (WBT) programs. 

• Won a $9.5M re-compete based on our project performance. 

• Doubled project revenue in less than 2 years.

• Completed multi-year training project $1.5M under budget and one year ahead of schedule.

• Piloted CBT training program that led to 18 additional development project taskers and 3 additional project personnel.



April 2001 – March 2004: Senior Trainer, Datatrac Information Services - Developed training programs using the ISD method. Planned course content, built training courses and drafted training aids to meet project requirements. Evaluated training and course effectiveness. Delivered classroom and individual training sessions to Drug Enforcement Administration personnel.

• Developed a customized Photoshop training program and delivered to over 300 students.

• Delivered training to 1000+ students at 20+ field sites, earning a 4.8/5 training evaluation score.

• Drafted training proposals that resulted in 5 additional training task orders.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts in History, College of William and Mary, 1999

SKILLS/CERTFICATIONS

PMP Certification, October 2013, Project Management Institute

Scrum Master Certification, October 2016, Scrum Alliance

Fluent in Spanish: Speaking, Reading, and Writing\n
Tywan J. McDaniel

12033 Walden Wood Dr. 

Fort Worth, TX 76244

817-701-5165

Tywan.McDaniel@gmail.com

 



Technical Summary: 

 

Software Skills: 

Skills with Microsoft Visual Studio (All Versions), Team Foundation Server (All Versions), Rally, Enterprise Change Management, TeamCity, Octopus Deploy, Visa/MasterCard Edit Package software, SQL Management Studio (All Versions), Active Batch, Axway, Control-M All Windows Operating Systems, Linux, Unix,  People Soft, Siebel, PC Anywhere, VM Ware, VPN Access, Net Support, Vantive, SalesForce, Service Now, Inginix, and Remedy. 



Hardware Skills:

Skills with NCR & IBM (POS) terminals, Epson receipt printers, HP printers, Cisco Switches, RJ45 and or MMJ patch cables, routers, Ingenico Credit Card Machines, MX - 870 VeriFone Payment Pin Pads, Gilbarco Advantage/Encore Pump Controllers, Wayne Q-Cat/IX Pump Controllers, Single and Triple Des Pin Pads, and  Media Converter Boxes, Dell and or IBM pc’s.



Education:

 

Prairie View A&M University: (5/2000-5/2004) Major: Computer Information Systems 

 

Employment History: 



Caliber Home Loans: (12-2014 – Present)



(Senior Systems Engineer)



Control master base lined software, developing/solving configuration management issues.

Plan developing, documenting, and executing configuration management and change control processes.

Create and maintain scripts, procedures, and documentation supporting the build process.

Create tools to automate environment management across multiple environments used by multiple teams.

Work closely with Development, Infrastructure Support, Quality Control, Operations, Help Desk, and other Support teams.

Develop concurrent releases in multiple environments, assisting developers and test engineers to resolve problems.

Install/rebuild/upgrade servers and configure hardware, services, settings, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements.

Install/configure systems such as support infrastructure applications.

Develop/maintain installation and configuration procedures.

Perform daily system monitoring to verify integrity and availability of all hardware and applications.

Review system and application logs and verify completion of scheduled jobs (backups and other core business processes).

Perform regular file archival and purge as necessary.

Repair/recover from hardware or software failures and communicate with impacted constituencies accordingly.

Apply OS patches/upgrades on a regular basis.

Upgrade/configure administrative tools, utilities, and system software that supports infrastructure applications or proprietary applications.

Perform periodic performance reporting to support capacity planning.



 

Heartland Payments Systems: (11/2009 – 12/2014)



(SCM - Configuration Engineer) 



Day to day administration of the TFS system in support of various development teams.

Manage source code repositories, code branches, and all codes merges into TFS

Ensure system integrity and enforce code promotion policies and procedures.

Create and manage custom TFS builds definitions.

Build and maintain all QA, Prod, and DR servers and databases.

Experience in configuring/deploying Microsoft based solutions that leverage C# and SQL Server to QA & Production

Leveraging TeamCity & Octopus Deploy in deployment process for new Agile Methodology 

Initiate new users in Rally, and assist in managing users, team projects, and user stories.

Managing Users and Server Certifications in IIS

Build and deploy code of varying complexity for all environments. 

Work with Scrum Teams to produce automated builds and execute automated tests.

 Assist in developing best practice policies and procedures for SCM activities and Release management, following our SDLC (System Development Life Cycle).

Customize work items, reports, etc… as the need arises for different teams

 Assist in the migration from JIRA, ScrumWorks, Custom Work Item systems, Visual Source Safe and other systems to Team Foundation Server





(Passport - Operation Analyst)



Run daily production cycles for back end processing system.

Perform daily, weekly, and monthly ancillary support tasks.

Research production problems and isolate the technical cause.

Maintain application configuration and adjust as necessary to facilitate cycle execution.

Perform data update requests as needed in response to production issues.

Maintain operational documentation.

Learn the payments processing industry.



(NOC Analyst)



Monitor systems for continuous, efficient day-to-day operation of all of platforms for the company's End-Users.

Document and escalates alarms and insure resolution. 

Monitor, triage and log incidents using ticketing system 

Be the Incident Coordinator until incident resolution. Contribute to the rapid resolution of incidents by calling for the necessary assistance from any Support staff member or support organization, and escalate issues with support organizations as well as internal personnel when required. 

Contribute to coordination of efforts among End-Users, Programmers, and Support personnel by interfacing with members of other staffs in support of Operations.

Ensure completion of shift schedule by troubleshooting job abends and submitting job restarts in the proper manner using job scheduling tool.

Handling file transfers via distributed platforms

Maintain daily operations log. 

Mentor and train other Network Operations staff. 

Evaluate current 	processes; develop recommendations for improving efficiency and timeliness of current processes.

Ensure completion of shift schedule by troubleshooting job abends and submitting job restarts in the proper manner using job scheduling tools.

Handling file transfers with via distributed platforms such as ActiveBatch, Axway (Secure Transport), D$U and Connect Direct and securely transferring by using file level encryption Voltage and PGP.

Production Scheduling and Batch operational concepts and maintain daily operations log.





Excentus Corporation: (3/2008 – 5/2009) Technical Researcher & System Integrator 



(Technical Research Analyst)

Received case escalations from Customer Care to research root cause of issues reported by clients in the field; hardware and or software related

Pending type of case, all cases have Severity Ratings: (Sev 1 = Immediate Response within 24hrs, Sev 2 = 1 to 2 Day Response Time, Sev 3 = 3 to 4 Day Response Time)

Request that all logs and sales files be pulled from the site surrounding the issue to begin research.

Research the full life of the transaction from start to finish.

Setup lab system with current field configuration in the attempt to reproduce issue found in the field.

Once problem has been diagnosed, inform Customer Care of recommended fix or nature of the problem

If configuration update is required for site, confer with Management, to see if update will be released in an upcoming project update or for immediate release as a Hotfix/Patch

(System Integrator)

Worked with internal parties such as Programmers and Project Management to organize the various components needed to initiate, run and conclude major integration projects.

Created LOE (Level of Effort) report for Project Management, reporting time estimates on lab setup configuration, unit testing, project implementation, documentation, and delivery process.

Assist in the creation of the BRD (Business Requirement Document) & SOW (Statement of Work) with  Project Management

Analyze current configuration against project request, to plan layout for type of scripting methods and or executable updates, or modifications to existing equipment and system that will provide capability for proposed project to work efficiently with current customer configuration.

Unit test updated scripting modifications and or executable updates against current field configuration for issues. If a problem is found, create test cases surrounding issue.

Create document with all modifications and updates in Technical Release Notes for customer reference.

Plan and execute delivery process of project update to QA for testing or Production for field installation.

Fujitsu Transaction:  (5/2007 – 10/2007) Project Coordinator & Field Installer 

 

(Project Coordinator) 

Worked with internal and external parties organize the various components needed to initiate, run and conclude major projects. 

Duties include coordinating schedules and activities, placing orders for supplies and services, and tracking progress and results.

Requires excellent communication skills and extensive knowledge of database and project management software. 

Often reported updates to product development, project management or marketing executives. 

Utilized MS Excel as a recording keeping tool for part orders, on and off site times, site completions 

Imported and exported information other sources to formulate table and graphs  

Generated daily reports through Excel at the client and upper management requests.

(Field Installer)

Hardware and Software staging for Starbucks IBM (POS) and Manger Workstation Upgrade. Upgraded store with new manager workstation. 

Utilized crossover cable for data restore from old to new pc’s. Installed new Linksys 16-Port switch. 

Created register load disc for register staging. 

De-Installed and installed new IBM terminals, as well as expeditor terminal for Drive Thru stores.\n
Tammi Kyle

                 1041 Enfilar Lane Arlington, TX 76017  817-210-8114  t.kyle@sbcglobal.net

                                                         Summary

Conscientious, dependable, business savvy technical professional with over 10 years of experience in operations, teambuilding, and managing projects. Eager to contribute to an environment that can use an eloquent, knowledgeable leader to analyze and propose ways to improve organization's structure, efficiency, and profits.  

                                                        Technical Skills

Quality & Improvement

Planning/Strategic Planning

Technical Management

IBM Agile Certified

Analytical/Detail Oriented

Operations

Onsite Auditing

ISO 9000/OSHA Compliance

HIPPA/PHI Compliance

Test Case Writing/Execution

Linux Operation System

Project Management

Process Improvement

Standard Operating Procedures

Leadership Development & Training

Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Access , Word, Mainframe, SharePoint, Avaya

IBM Application Tester ( UAT, IST, BST)

Knowledge of Marketing Management(SMU)

Packaging 

Waterfall Methodology

HP Semiconductor Testing









Professional Experience

	  IBM Corporation

	            Web Application Test Manager (ICS AT&T), Dallas TX                                 2014- Present

	Situation:   Inherited a complicated project to support the AT&T Sales Division in developing a unified web service application using both Agile and Waterfall methodology. Integrated System testing (IST) team assist the AT&T developers during the iteration stages of the developing process.  The sales application consist of real-time contractual generation though multiple Application Programme Interface (API) using Linux operating system for businesses who acquires new and existing services.

	Telecommunication

	Task: The sales person will be able to use an IPAD using AT&T web services URL to create unified sales transaction.

	Action: The test team creates the test cases base on high level design (HLD), system requirement (SR), and business process (BP) documents. Test Manager (TM) facilitates daily meetings with test team and stakeholders to inform and track the progression of testing activities and critical highlights on any changes throughout the process. The TM maintains

	 Action: Test management tools called Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) /Quality Center (QC) and Rally DEV are used to keep track on progression of the project. The IST testers test the functionally and the associated APIs while working closely with the developers to detect any nonfunctional activity during the process of contractual agreement generation.  Another tool is use is call the Soap UI, which is in a XML format and show the failure error.

	Result: Decrease sales responds time within a day of processing contractual, ordering, and billing processes.

	Accomplishment:

	Experienced in Joint System Testing (JST), Business Scenario Testing (BST), and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) 

	Create Test case and  Test Execution

	

	Health Management Service (HMS Holdings)                                                                              2011- 2014

      Corporate Quality Assurance II, Las Colinas, TX 

Situation: Corporate Quality Assurance Analyst perform check on multi-million dollars healthcare insurance contracts.

Task: Ensure deliverable are within business requirements

Action: As a quality assurance analyst on a corporate level conducts and documents basic and moderately complex quality assurance checks of core product deliverables for clients prior to release, including: newly identified insurance policies, cycle claims selections for coordination of benefits billings, Provider Disallowance reports, and medical support enforcement files. Assists in identifying and correcting errors.

Result: HMS Holdings are able to save, recover, and reimbursement monetary expenses to insurance company, providers, and patients by sending accurate data provide by the client.

Accomplishment:

Trained quality assurance analyst on new upcoming imaging systems to review healthcare claims 

 Managed the defect management tracking system using SharePoint

Facilitate the Quality Review Board to investigate defects and create a root cause analysis of findings.

Worked with Marketing to announce new feature added site wise from our Quality Assurance Department for the new SharePoint conversion.



             AT&T Corporation                                                                                                                      2009-2011                                                                                                    

      Revenue Management, Fort Worth, TX 

Situation: Provide Customer Service

Task: Resolve customer conflict  pertaining to AT&T Uverse payments

Action: As a revenue management representative, performed the highest quality service to meet customer concerns on delinquent payments.  Our process was to counsel the customer and find out the issue for the delinquent payment and provide a solution to avoiding termination. If service has been disrupted, and a payment has been made by the customers. The revenue management representative will restore the service. 

Result: AT&T collects billions of dollars by collecting on old debts and final payments. 

  Accomplishment:

Trained New Hires

 Managed inbound and outbound call systems( CRM systems, Avaya)

Able to resolve conflict and come to a resolution of Customer’s issue

Monitor Average Call Handling time reports for managers















National Semiconductor, Arlington, Texas                                                                                          1990-2008                      Senior Test/Sort Quality Control Analyst, Arlington, TX 

Situation: Process Integrated Circuits, Product Management

Task: Trainer of new hire, lead inspector, electrical tester, yield and defect management. Responsible for all final product transactions with the support of the Business Planner and shipping coordinator for on time deliverable to domestic and international shipment.

Action: As a final tester working in the Quality Control Department (Die cage), performed multiple tasks as a photolithography associate, trainer for multiple Fab operations, and electrical testing. The process was mapped out by operations and once the process has complete within that operation, the associate move the Lot Box to the next stage to its appropriate operation by the comets system and staging practices. Comets system are scripted, which provides the associate to view previous operations. Most of the product owner codes controlled by the cycle time. I managed the cycle time process when arise within the fab process. 

Result: National goals was to meet customer expectation and provide the best quality integrated circuit to satisfied customers. A lot of 24 wafers equates to a million dollar of revenue.

  Accomplishment:

Trainer New Hires

 Write SOP for National Semiconductor frontend and backend process

Completed indebt training for the Photolithography process (Cost/Developer, Alignment, Inspection of 150mm, 300mm wafers

Liaison between Wafer Fab (Manufacturing), Sort/Electrical testing, Business Planner, and shipping for on time delivery of final product. 

Managed start material and test wafer recycle processes.

Re-engineered the quality control department

Reticle management	

Trained OSHA, Wafer handling, Chemical Safety, and Protected

                                                         Education

	Master of Business Administration, Project Management                                                                        2009- 2011

	Keller Graduate School of Management, Addison, IL

GPA:  3.2/4.0   



	Bachelor of Science in Technical Management, Health Services Management                                     2005-2009

	DeVry University, Addison, IL

	      GPA:  3.62/4.0    Dean’s List    Cum Laude

	

	Marketing Management Certificate                                                                                                           2003-2004

	Southern Methodist University, Dallas, TX



	Certification in Microsoft SQL Server 2008                                                                                              2013- 2013

	Horizon Computer center, Fort Worth, Texas

      Certification  



	Certification in Project Management	        2015-2016       

	Project management institution, Fort Worth, Texas

      Expected Certification Completion: August 2016



Affiliation:

Member, Sigma Beta Delta International Business, Management, and Administration Honor Society- Irving, Texas- June 2009

Member, Project Management Institution Fort Worth, Texas Chapter- September, 2012



-\n
Jaspreet Singh						

224-558-4203

meetjaspreetsingh@gmail.com



Summary

Self-driven, dependable Java/J2EE developer and leader with 10.5 years of rich experience dedicated to deliver innovative and integrated business solutions

Experienced in all facets of the software development life cycle, from requirement analysis,  

architecture, design, code, test and post-implementation revisions

Articulate and professional business communication skills, including project presentations and technical documentations

Experienced in all facets of external project management from requirement gathering, 

discussion with business consultants to delivering presentations to clients.



Skills

Technologies:	Java, Spring framework, Spring boot, Web Services (SOAP-RESTful), Hibernate, JSON, XML, XSD, JBehave, Gemfire, Mockito, Jacoco, PIT

      Build tools: 	Maven 2	

Databases:		Postgres, NoSQL (MongoDB), DB2, Oracle

Servers: 		TC Server, IBM WebSphere, Tomcat

      IDE: 		IBM RAD, Eclipse, STS

      Versioning system: SVN, GIT

      Development methodology: Agile with Behavior Driven Development(BDD), Waterfall	



Recognitions:

High performer award from StateFarm in 2016 for consistent defect free delivery using Behavior Driven Development methodology

	Star award from Sears for design and implementation of templatized solution to generate legal rules in 2014, reducing manual effort and providing interactive system to legal team

	Excellence award from CIGNA and Syntel Inc for excellent performance and commitment in project DReAM in 2011-2012

	Spot award winner for designing and developing MQ based reusable solution on Spring framework for project GCCP in 2010

	Spot award winner for successful completion of PoC with Ameriprise and developing Fixed-width functionality for the project in 2009

	Spot award winner for successful completion of Proof of Concept (PoC) with Bank of America in 2007

	Awarded by DC(development centre) head for organizing DC level team building activities involving more than 400 employees

	

	Education

	       B.Tech in Computer Science from DAVIET, Punjab Technical University, India (July‘02- June’06)





Work Experience

State Farm Mutual Insurance June’15 – Till date

400 E Rio Salado Pkwy, Tempe, AZ 85281 

State Farm is a group of insurance and financial services companies. The main business is State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, a mutual insurance firm that also owns the other State Farm companies. The corporate headquarters are in Bloomington, Illinois. State Farm is ranked 44th in the 2013 Fortune 500, which lists American companies by revenue.



	Projects Undertaken:

Project Description – CustomerIdentityManagement Framework 

CIM framework acts as a central processing system that supports most of the applications on Statefarm.com for any needs to authenticate a customer. The supported credentials as of now includes PBQA(Public Based Question Answers), Verification code and Pin with PhoneAuthentication. The framework provides easy to consume interface for consumers and is designed to plugin new credentials with the minimal development effort.



Technologies Used:	Spring framework, Spring Boot using Java config, SOAP, REST Web Services, Gemfire, Postgres DB, Mockito, IBM ODM rules engine, TC Server, JBehave-Selenium, Cloud

Role: Senior Java Developer

Contributions:

Designing new webservices and modifying design for existing system, coding, Junit using Mockito  and writing integration tests

Assisting automation tests team writing Gherkin stories for Behaviour Driven Development

Developing SOAP and RESTFul services from scratch as well as updating existing functionality

Migrating existing webservices to Spring boot framework

Daily code review with the team to ensure optimal code delivery with 100% class coverage, 95% methods coverage using Jacoco, 95% mutation coverage using PIT

Developed a REST service utility to generate test customers based on given criteria, locks for specified time and releases for reuse in Integration or manual tests

Creating service versions and contracts in service registry (IBM WSRR)

Leveraging Jenkins for Continuous Build and Integration, and deployment to StateFarm internal Cloud system allocating VMs and security credentials at runtime

Represent the team in inter-team discussions for overlapping stories or technical knowledge sharing sessions

Represent team for external technical review sessions or discussions

Participate in Agile processes for story grooming, sprint planning, review and retro

Mentoring Interns, new team members with StateFarm processes, business knowledge and technical walkthrough











Sears Holdings Corporation 	May’13 – June’15

3333 Beverly Road Hoffman estates, IL 60005 USA

Sears Holdings Corporation is an American multinational holding company that owns Sears and Kmart. It operates 4,000 retail locations under the mastheads of Sears, Kmart, and their subsidiaries. Since 2013, the company is the 13th largest retailer by annual revenue in the United States. 



	Projects Undertaken:

Project Description – AwesomeTool 

AwesomeTool(AT) is an interactive tool to create, preview and launch contests and sweepstakes powered by ShopYourWay. 27000+ promotions have been created till now using AwesomeTool, which resulted into $3+ Billion revenues from sweeps players.

Technologies Used:	 J2EE, Spring framework, SOAP, REST Web Services, Mongo DB, JQuery

Role: Senior Java Developer

Contributions:

1)	Designed and developed template based automated legal rules utility to customize legal rules on the fly with minimal manual effort

2)	Migrated data source from MySQL to Mongo DB which reduced frequent schema changes to DB tables	

3)  Implemented audit functionality to capture user actions during promotion creation flow

4)  Developed Reporting capability to provide basic statistics for analytics/business team 

5) Assist team members, end users and QA team understanding new requirements and enhancements 

6) Develop standalone utilities and automated solutions for business, reducing support team efforts

7) Representing team to external systems and business teams for technical discussions





Syntel Inc 	Nov’11 – May’13

525 E Big Beaver Road Suite 300 Troy, MI 48083 USA

Syntel (NASDAQ: SYNT) is a leading global provider of integrated information technology and Knowledge Process Outsourcing (KPO) solutions spanning the entire lifecycle of business and information systems and processes.



	Projects Undertaken:

Project Description – DReAM 

Client: CIGNA Healthcare

Dependable Rewards Account Management (DReAM) is a java-based system comprising multiple applications, which enables CIGNA Incentives division to configure and process healthcare Incentives for Corporate customers. DReAM modules include:

Flex based UI application for Incentive configurations 

MQ based backend module to process incentive goals

Web Services to expose DReAM data to downstream applications



Technologies Used:	 J2EE, Spring framework, Web Services, IBM MQ, Hibernate, Flex





Role: Team Lead

Contribution:

Developer

Designing and developing web services for the project

Making and maintaining all configurations for IBM MQ queues

Developing technical proof of concepts for new requirements



Module Lead

Participating in agile backlog meetings to finalize technical user stories

Working with designer to finalize the application design, sequence diagrams and process flow

Mapping business requirements to easy to understand technical documents like data mapping documents, data flow diagram

Assisting module developers with technical issues 

Infosys Limited 	Sept’06 – Nov’11

6100 Tennyson Pkwy Plano, TX 75024, USA

Infosys Limited (NASDAQ: INFY) is a global technology services company providing business solutions for 2000 companies. It has 65 offices and 63 development centers across globe.



	Projects Undertaken:

Project Description – GCCP 

Client: American Express

Global Corporate Client Profile (GCCP) is a global back end database component being developed for American Express (AMEX) that comprises of data services which enables real-time, near real-time and batch reads and updates onto GCCP Database. GCCP exposes reusable real-time and batch methods for integration with upstream and downstream systems. Domains of GCCP include:

Client Hierarchy 

Control/Card accounts

Card Limits

Membership Rewards



Technologies Used:	 J2EE, Spring framework, Web Services, MQ

Role: Java Developer and Team lead

Contribution:

Onsite Tech Lead

Preparing, reviewing and maintaining all technical documents as per AMEX standards

Mapping business requirements to easy to understand technical documents like data mapping documents, data flow diagram

Developing technical proof of concepts for new requirements

Leading offshore team to ensure quality deliverables within timelines

Coordinating with support teams for tasks like environment setup, test data preparation etc



	Onsite Technical Business System Analyst to accomplish following tasks

Representing project in business discussions during requirement analysis

Clarifying queries from upstream/downstream system teams



Technical Anchor to accomplish following tasks 

Providing technical sessions to ensure the team is up to date with technical knowledge

Preparing technical documents and keeping them updated as per AMEX standards

Representing team in technical discussion forums 



Designed and developed independent reusable modules:

Developed Web services and MQ based services that interact with other AMEX  

 applications to setup and maintain Corporate cards profiles. 





Project Description – iDMS 

iDMS (Infosys Data Masking Solution) is a tool that enables creation of realistic data in non-productive environments without the risk of exposing original sensitive information to unauthorized users. Unlike encrypted data, masked information maintains its usability for activities like software development and testing.



Technologies Used:	 Java, Swings, JSF, Oracle, UDB, SQL Server, Sybase, Teradata.

Role/Contribution: Software Engineer

Designed and developed all interface screens for iDMS in swings

Designed and developed five modules for iDMS that includes

Delimited text file support

Custom Relationship: Defining referential integrity at runtime

Custom rule: provision for user to create masking rules on the fly

Support for EBCDIC encoded fixed width files for mainframes

Developed adapters to enable cross-format support, E.g.: text to DB or DB to EBCDIC that enhanced usability of iDMS along with enabling its data migration capability

Designed and developed complete support for Teradata Database, increasing usability of tool





Project Description – iPWMS 

iPWMS (Infosys Private Wealth Management Solution) – New account opening solution helps Consumer Banks, Private Banks and Brokerages to open accounts centrally across multiple products types. The Solution is developed in Service Oriented framework to ensure high flexibility and scalable architecture. The UI was designed with TIBCO GI3.0 and Struts.



Technologies Used:	Java, Struts, Web Services, TIBCO-GI 3.3

Role/Contribution: Software Engineer 

	Performed defect prevention activities for Struts based UI for the existing version and created screens in TIBCO GI for PoC (Proof of Concept) of next version

Created Web Services and mapping them with screen elements in TIBCOGI

Requirement analysis for the next phase of the project that involved discussion sessions with US based consultants and business analysts.

Prepared case studies involving current scenarios in account opening solutions available in the US based banking market\n
Diane Thomas







Work Experience:



Cipher Communications						      	             February 2012 – Present

Sr. PeopleSoft Consultant

Client/Location: WMATA, Washington DC

Key Work Experience:

Serve on Project as Functional Team Lead responsible for overseeing Functional Team and the tasks required to upgrade customer from PS HCM 8.8 to 9.1.  

Modules included in 9.1 upgrade:  TAM/CG, Core HR, Labor Administration, MSS, ESS, eDev, Compensation, Benefits, Absence Management, Time & Labor, Payroll and ELM – Enterprise Learning Management.



SRA International								  February 2011 – October 2012

Sr. PS Consultant/Tester

Client/Location: US Courts, Washington DC

Key Work Experience:

PeopleSoft HCM ver. 8.9 and 9.1

Create test plans and develops test scenarios and scripts for end user validation, regression testing, and configuration control.  

Performs testing based on preferred business processes, and examines expected results.  

Provides issue resolution, and documents results. Member of 9.1 upgrade team serving as “Primary/Lead” for testing PeopleSoft Leave Tracking, HR, Benefits, Payroll, and eService modules

SyApps LLC									  February 2010 – October 2010

Sr. PS Consultant/PeopleSoft Functional HR/BenAdmin SME  

Client Location: Washington DC

Key Work Experience:

PeopleSoft HCM ver. 9.0.  

Responsible for PeopleSoft 9.0 BenAdmin production support issues/ Functional/Technical Business Analysts working with business owners and developers to maintain and/or implement new system enhancement projects (i.e. interfaces, system modifications):

				Troubleshoot reported user production Benefits/Benefits Administration issues

				Provide ad hoc reporting utilizing PS Query and/or Oracle SQL

				Work on new system design projects, gather requirements, and create test scripts





The International Monetary Fund					                  August 2009 – February 2010

Sr. PS Human Resource Information Systems Officer

Key Work Experience:  

	Manage multiple systems implementation life cycles simultaneously for high priority work streams under an HCM program.

	Produce and maintain project plans, gather business requirements, develop systems specifications, evaluate new systems design in collaboration with the technical team, create user acceptance test plans and scripts, perform functional testing, support user acceptance testing, develop user documentation, provide user training and support application deployment.

	Identify business needs and functional requirements of HCM users; assess technical capabilities/limitations of leading-edge HR IT solutions in the market, including hosted applications and analytics tools; and implement new and innovative information systems which support the Human Resources department’s strategy.

	Implement/maintain and support – PeopleSoft HCM, Taleo, HireRight and Previsor software systems

Tandem Conglomerate LLC 							        February 2008 – June 2009

Sr. PS Consultant/PeopleSoft Functional HRMS SME  

Client:  DC Government 

Key Work Experience:

Member of project team to convert all DC Public School Employees from a legacy text based HR/Payroll System (Integral) to PeopleSoft HCM.  

						Serve on project as Team Lead, responsible for conversion of HR related data.  Specific responsibilities included:

					Liaison between functional business owners and technical team members

					Conduct requirements gathering Fit/Gap analysis sessions

					Identify and resolve gaps in business processes.

					Analyze requirements to apply system solutions to business problems,

					Provide conversion tool logic to technical team

					Document system enhancement proposals, outline issues, alternatives and provide recommendations detailing performance, costs, scheduling, time and benefits.  Complete unit and uat test efforts

					Create prototypes for new designs and walk through with business owners,

					Configure and set configuration tables and transaction/control tables.

					Perform security/authorization set-up, user documentation, data interface design, data migration and reconciliation.

					Department Security tree setup/re-design to accommodate Public Schools department hierarchy integration with existing DC Government setup.

					Train functional end users on features, functionality and processes delivered within the PeopleSoft product

					Generate data validation queries/reports using PSoft query and/or SQL

					Data analysis and troubleshooting

					Serve on team as Help Desk Analyst utilizing Remedy Help Desk software



Self Employed Consultant 							 October 2007 – January 2008

Sr. PS Consultant SME/ PS Time and Labor Training Lead

Client:  Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority

Key Work Experience:

Consult for the largest Train/Rail Transportation organizations in the Washington DC Metropolitan Area. 

						Serve on project team as functional HR/Benefits/Payroll SME – troubleshooting production PeopleSoft payroll issues that are related to the incorrect input of HR/Benefits employee data.

						Serve on team as a Lead Trainer, training company time keepers and time approvers on features and functionality of PeopleSoft Time and Labor integrated with Kronos time clocks.

						Create training plan

						Create training manuals

							Conduct training



Sprint Nextel Communications 						     March 2003 – October  2007

PeopleSoft Business Systems Analyst III 

Key Work Experience:

	Functional/Technical application support for PeopleSoft v8.8/v8.9. Performing the following duties:   

						Functional Subject Matter Expert for PeopleSoft 8.8/8.9 HR, Base Benefits, Benefits Administration, Payroll and eApps (ESS, MSS, eCompensation, eBenefits, ePerformance, and Enterprise Learning Management)

						Liaison between HR/Payroll users and developers to analyze and document requirements, mapp data/processes, ensure accurate designs and assist with system testing of software changes.

						Provide functional analysis and expertise to technical developers to facilitate system changes and new development projects.

						Research and resolve production support issues when functional expertise is required.

						Review PeopleSoft fixes and updates to assess system impacts and coordinate testing with functional team.

						Functional lead for Open enrollment related tasks (Responsible for:  Base benefit/Ben Admin table setup, Self Service configurable text changes, training, design for tools that assist with the management of event coordination, and vendor interfaces).

						Functional lead for several implementation projects such as project to implement PeopleSoft ePerformance, and ELM (Enterprise Leaning Manager).  Specific project duties included:

					Requirements gathering

					Conduct fit/gap analysis

					Change management/business process reengineering sessions with primary users of module to implement (ELM or ePerformance)

					Complete  functional requirement documents (for any gaps that result to system modifications/customizations)

					PeopleSoft set-up table configuration (Configure PeopleSoft Set-up tables specific to module being implemented

					Create Test plan/scripts and serve as test coordinator

						Provide user training for new, delivered PeopleSoft functionality. 

Served on the Sprint and Nextel Integration project as HR Functional/Technical Team Lead responsible for QA review of all functional and technical design documents, testing and deployment of finished product. 

In 2003 was part of the Nexstep team implementing v8.8 HRMS.  Responsibilities included, Conducting Fit Gap sessions to communicate new features and functionality and to assess user requirements, document functional Requirements, developing test scripts for unit testing and end user training; Managing and coordinating tasks assigned to consultants working on this implementation. 

						 Member of PeopleSoft 9.0 prototyping team, responsible for documenting and communicating new features and functionality delivered within PeopleSoft 9.0 version. 

							Outline delta between PeopleSoft 8.8 and 9.0

							Review all existing PeopleSoft customizations/modifications, review new functionality present in PeopleSoft 9.0 to determine which existing customizations/modifications can be eliminated.

							Work with technical team to critique upgrade to 9.0 readiness (i.e. hardware requirements, software requirements, PeopleTools updates, applicable tax updates applied, applicable HR/Benefits/Ben Admin/Pay/Time and Labor bundles and updates applied)



U.S. Foodservice Inc., 							             April 2002 – March 2003

HRIS Manager

Key Work Experience:

Responsible for the management, maintenance and administration for the Company Human Resource/Payroll System that supports approximately 23,000 employees

						Managed staff of 3 – 1 project manager, 1 functional HRIS Analyst, 1 technical HRIS analyst.

						Managed PeopleSoft system security (Department Security Tree and Role creation and assignment) and auditing of system data.

						Member of team to convert HR system functions from Ceridian to PeopleSoft HCM 

						Functional Project Lead for PeopleSoft Upgrade project from PeopleSoft HRMS version 7.0 to version 8.0).  

						Serve on team as PeopleSoft functionality expert for PeopleSoft HR, Base Benefits, Benefits Admin, and Payroll to assist with the maintenance and administration of the PeopleSoft HRMS system.

						Liaison between functional staff/users and technical developers.

						Utilized PeopleSoft Query and Crystal reports to meet reporting needs.

						Primary contact for troubleshooting PeopleSoft functional system issues.

						Managed, created and conducted PeopleSoft functional training curriculum.

						Functional Project lead for a project to merge legacy U.S. Foodservice employee workforce and newly acquired company workforce onto one HR/Payroll system, PeopleSoft HCM.  

						Created Project Plan and develop conversion strategy for the PeopleSoft merger project

						Performed system analysis, configured system, created data maps, and conducted testing and data validation for the project.

						Wrote project implementation communication plan and facilitated communications to the employee workforce.





PeopleSoft Inc.,								             May 1999 – March 2002

PS HCM Consultant 

Client:  JP Morgan Chase

Key Work Experience:



						Functional/technical consultant utilizing PeopleSoft HRMS versions 7.5 and 8.3

						Consulted for one of the largest Savings and Loan Financial Organizations employing over 85,000 employees.  

						Provide functional and technical expertise on Core HR/Benefits, Benefits Administration and Global Payroll features and functionality.  

						Serve on team as Benefits Administration Open Enrollment SME for 2 of their annual Open Enrollment projects, which included the use of a custom Web-based Open Enrollment solution.

						Organized and tracked project goals/progress using Microsoft Project

						Conducted assessments of customer business needs and composed requirements documents

						Conducted fit/gap sessions and identified gaps between customer business requirements and delivered PeopleSoft functionality

						Utilized best practices to recommended alternative solutions to meet the customer’s business process requirements.  

						Prepared functional design documentation for proposed customizations and worked with programmers to develop customized processes.

						Configured all system setup necessary for the successful implementation of Benefits Administration, including setup of core HR tables.

						Developed conversion programs and vendor interfaces utilizing SQR

						Developed test cases, coordinated testing efforts, conducted system testing and researched/resolved testing issues.

						Developed customizations for Employee Self-Service panels.

						Trained users in the maintenance and support of Benefits Administration functionality including:  configuration, event coordination, troubleshooting, report generation, and overall Ben Admin processing.

						Produced written procedures and user documentation and transferred functional knowledge to project team and users.

						Researched and administered patches, updates and fixes to resolve production support issues.

						Led the Functional team for an HR project to analyze the downstream impact of data entry corrections in an integrated PeopleSoft environment

						Assist team with supporting Global Payroll functions for international employees working in the Netherlands.

						

Institute for Defense Analysis						    	     September 1988 – May 1999

RIS Management

	Key Work Experience:

Provide management and maintenance for HR/Payroll system (PeopleSoft HRMS 6.0 and 7.5) for a non-profit government contractor.  

Managed all configuration, design, development, security (Role creation and Tree hierarchy), maintenance and administration functions associated with the PeopleSoft HRMS system

Led all HR/Payroll application enhancements and upgrade projects

Provided support to end users on functional/technical issues involving: recruiting, core HR, benefits, compensation, pension, training administration, payroll, and system processes.  

						Implement PeopleSoft Workflow. 

Automated the system test process by creating test scripts using SQA robot

	

	PeopleSoft HRMS Upgrade Project Lead

						Led the successful upgrade of PeopleSoft HRMS from version 6.01 to version 7.5

Prepared project plan and conducted project team meetings

Outlined delta between versions 6.01 and 7.5 and educated users on new release functionality and 3-tier technology

Liaison between the functional and technical team to assist with the analysis of hardware/software requirements for new 3-tier environment, upgrade impact analysis on customizations and interfaces, and data mapping.

Assisted with data conversion using SQA robot and Import Manager.

						Utilize the PeopleSoft Data Mover for data migration and the People Tools Application Upgrader to complete project migrations.  

						Reapplied system customizations using PeopleTools and reapplied modifications to SQRs 

						Created reports using SQR/SQL, PS Query and Crystal Reports

						Led system testing using SQA products; developed test plan, test scripts and test cases 

						Develop end user training documentation and created user-input documentation

Conducted and coordinated Y2K testing between Human Resources, Payroll and Technical staff



PeopleSoft Implementation Project Lead

Selected PeopleSoft HRMS as the “new” system of record for core HR data

Led the successful implementation of PeopleSoft HRMS 6.0 within one year utilizing “rapid” implementation techniques.  

Successfully completed implementation of the PeopleSoft Human Resources, Benefits Administration, and Payroll Interface modules on time and within budget.

Successfully led the functional team through all phases of the system development life cycle including:  configuration, design, development, conversion, testing and implementation.

Performed gap analysis and data mapping between multiple legacy systems and the PeopleSoft HR system to facilitate the conversion of historical, current, and future dated transactions for the external systems to the consolidation PeopleSoft HR application.

Coordinated all HR/Payroll system test activities and coordinated defect resolution.

	

	Human Resources System Administrator

Management and maintenance of legacy HR/Payroll system - PDS

Conduct systems analysis and write requirement and specification documents for customized reports and enhanced system functionality.

Perform HR/Payroll functions to include:  system set-up, system maintenance, system administration, ad hoc report generation, and security administration.  

Converted and/or implemented several mainframe and legacy systems for HR, Benefits, Payroll, Time and Labor and Pension Administration

Developed an archive database, using Access, to store historical Human Resource legacy system data



Education:

														BA Degree, Computer Science/Sociology

														Marymount University 	

Skills:

													PeopleSoft HRMS versions 6, thru 9.1:  HR, Security, Base Benefits, Benefits Administration, Compensation, Payroll Interface, Payroll, Recruiting, Self Service Apps (ESS, MSS, eCompensation, eBenefits, and eDevelopment), Application Designer, Data Mover, Import Manager, Query/Crystal power reporting, Business Process Design (Workflow), PDS (legacy and client/server), MS Office (Outlook, Access, PowerPoint, Word), EXCEL, VISIO, Data Modeling tools, SQA Robot, Netscape, and MS Internet Explorer, MicroSoft Project, Test Director, TOAD, Golden32, PS Query, SQL, Visual Basic, C++, Remedy Help Desk software 

													Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server

													Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows Vista



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Diane Thomas	Paradyme Management, Inc.	        Page 5 of 5\n
VOLODYMYR MAYBORODA 
Orlando, Fl, 32839

202-725-9831 
mayboroda1984@gmail.com

	__________________________________________________________________________________________



SOFTWARE QA TESTER



SUMMARY:



Experience in testing mobile applications, web applications and Windows based applications.

Proficient in functionality, regression, integration, user acceptance, boundary, GUI, exploratory,    negative, acceptance, browser/OS compatibility testing.

Working knowledge of software development life cycle.

Experience in writing easy-to-reproduce bug reports and monitoring their status until satisfactory   resolution.

Experience in developing software test cases.

Good knowledge of Bug tracking and Bug reporting rules to improve communications and reduce delay.

Experience in PC Hardware/Software configurations/installations and upgrades.

Ability to handle a great variety of tasks simultaneously.

Ability to thoroughly analyze and report test results.

Ability to learn new technologies and challenging concepts quickly and implement them.

Strong team player with ability to work productively in a team as well as individually.

Professional SQA Career minded.

Hard working, energetic and self-motivated with excellent communication skills.

US green card holder.



TECHNICAL SKILLS:



Browsers:	 MS Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Opera, Edge

Bug Tracking:	 Elementool, Bugzilla, Jira,TestRail

Web Testing Tools: Firebug

Platforms:	 Windows 7/8/10/Vista/XP/NT/2000

Mobile Platforms: IOS, Android, Windows Mobile

Programming:	 HTML, SQL, PL/SQL

Networking:	 TCP/IP, FTP, HTTP, Internet, Intranet

Virtualization:	VMWare

Other:                 Fiddler debugging proxy, JMeter

Designer tools:  Adobe Photoshop/ Illustrator/Power Point



		WORK EXPERIENCE:

		

		11/13 – present Software QA Engineer, Testing House, Los Altos, CA



Tested the Social network application, web and mobile versions

Reported defects into Bugzilla bug tracking database

Tested social networking features (blog, forum) under major browsers and their latest releases

Ran functional, regression, and usability testing on various mobile devices: IOS, Android

Performed GUI, Functionality, Usability, Acceptance, Boundary, Regression Tests

Validated application’s GUI for compliance with Usability guidelines published by US Department of Health and Human Services

Performed cross browsers testing on Chrome, FF, IE10, in Windows 7, 8, 10 and Safari / Mac

Performed mobile application testing on IOS and Android OS

Developed software test cases, features lists and features diagrams

Analyzed software failures, make them reproducible, report bugs via Elementool application

Ran functional, regression, and usability testing on various mobile devices: IOS, Android

Took part in the weekly QA status meetings discussing the findings, bug fixes, latest builds; sent the status reports to QA manager



		

		

08/11 -10/13	Software QA Engineer, CSI International, Inc., New York, NY



•	Created Test Plans and executed Test Cases for Integration, Regression, Smoke and E2E System Testing.

•	Performed business requirements review, verification and validation.

•	Participated in meetings with Developers and Requirement Analysts, presented and reviewed defects and suggested improvements.

•	Worked with Design & Development Teams to resolve open issues regarding new functionality.

•	Presented ongoing defects to the management.

•	Compared project interface requirements with legacy systems.

•	Utilized QTP, Clear Quest for bug tracking and Clear Case for requirements.

•	Employed SQL Developer to query data.

•	Facilitated User Acceptance Testing with various stake holders.

		








			 

		

		10/09 - 05/11	GIS Tester, MGGP Aero, Odessa, Ukraine

		

Performed manual black/grey box testing from Beta, Pilot to the final release

Participated in the review of requirements and design, provided feedback

Involved in developing test cases in HP Quality Center

Tested Graphic-User Interface against Microsoft Windows 2000/XP/Vista/ Windows 7 standards and specifications

Set up and participate in Usability test with users using final product

Executed all the Test Cases and reported the defects in Bugzilla, kept track of all the defects until the defects were closed

Communicated with software developers and involved in fixing various bugs

Discuss the defects found with developers and designers to determine if they comply with the requirements. Explore software defects



EDUCATION & TRAINING:



2010-2011 Software Quality Assurance, Portnov Silicon-Valley, CA

2009-2010 Software Quality Assurance Testing classes, Tester School, VA

2008-2009 Computer Academy “Step”, Odessa, Ukraine

2005 -2008 Navigator, Nautical School, Odessa, Ukraine 

2003-2004 Navigation, Maritime Training Center, Odessa, Ukraine

2001 High School #118, Odessa, Ukraine\n
Kyle Martin

8546 Cassia Drive, Plainfield, IN 46168 | 317.296.4585| kyle.martin@vandelaytechnologygroup.com





Active Secret Security Clearance

Experience

PeopleSoft Analyst

SRA International via Apex Systems, Washington, DC

AOUS Courts (Federal Government) | Thurgood Marshall Judiciary Building

Applications:  Oracle SQL Developer, People Tools App Designer, PeopleSoft Data Mover, PeopleSoft Query Manager, IBM Clear Quest, Access, Excel, Word

	July 2012 –present	

	Provide Functional and Technical analysis of PeopleSoft 9.1 HRMS during the upgrade process from 8.9

	Perform Data Analysis to confirm integrity of completed upgrade process

	Document and execute test scripts that thoroughly test business processes to ensure functionality with 9.1 (HR, Payroll, Time & Labor, Base Benefits, eService, ePerformance) 

	Perform tax update and PeopleSoft maintenance pack analysis and testing prior to deployment 

	Provide production support by reviewing, analyzing and confirming problems, testing solutions and communicating results



Systems Analyst

The MIL Corp, Charleston, SC 

US Department of State (Federal Government) | Global Financial Service Center

Applications:  Oracle SQL Developer, People Tools App Designer, PeopleSoft Data Mover, PeopleSoft Query Manager, Control-M Scheduler, HP Quality Center, HP Quick Test Pro, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Visio, Project

	June 2011 –July 2012	

	Provide Functional and Technical analysis of  PeopleSoft 9.1 HRMS project, encompassing HR, Base Benefit, North American and Global payroll

	Perform data analysis and validation the legacy conversion process; identify data lost, captured and erred during legacy conversion

	Configured data mapping for legacy data to PeopleSoft tables to ensure data is transferred correctly

	Configured employee pay groups, benefit plans, as well as various earnings types

	Establish pay calendars that reflect the various payroll periods, pay dates, and periods throughout the year

	Create Pay Run ID’s to process payrolls more efficiently

	Conduct focus group meetings to gather and refine requirements defined by the customer

	Perform analysis of the data conversion process

Develop and execute test plans to validate business requirements

	Lead User Acceptance Reviews (UARs) to facilitate client  approval for software

	Design, plan and present User Acceptance Training (UATs)  during SDLC and prior to deployment

	Document and update business processes  to reflect the new software 



Software Engineer

Computer Task Group (ctg), Indianapolis, IN

Eli Lilly and Company

Applications: SQL Server Microsoft, HP Quality Center, Access, Excel,  PowerPoint, Word, Visio, Project

March 2011 – June 2011

		Organize fit gap sessions with different user groups to evaluate requirements

		Develop and execute test plans to validate business requirements		

	Identify and resolve software deficiencies	

Provide supporting analysis during business reviews as a subject matter expert (SME)

Lead user acceptance testing for groups of 15-25



Experience

(continued)

	Jr Business Analyst	

PeopleStrategy, Indianapolis, IN

Applications:  Oracle SQL Developer, People Tools App Designer , PeopleSoft Data Mover, PeopleSoft Query Manager, HP Quality Center, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Visio, Project

	April 2010 – March 2011	

Design and execute test plans in HP’s Quality Center for the  PeopleSoft 9.1 HRMS modules

Responsible for maintaining and updating multiple environments

Analyze and refine business processes to formulate (QWIs) to match the software functionality

Conduct fit gap analysis with customers to ensure requirements were met

Develop and administer user acceptance training for updated processes and software



	Analyst	

Nation Freight Industries (NFI) / Accuride Corp, Whitestown, IN

Applications:  SQL Server , Microsoft Dynamic AX, Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Project

April 2009 – April 2010

Responsible for warehouse planning and setting daily productivity goals

Develop, write and train employees on standard operating procedures

Analyze workflow procedures and make recommendations for improvements

Report metrics on labor cost, billing errors, and shipping errors



Business Analyst

Healthcare Products Delivery (HPD), Pittsboro, IN

Applications:  Oracle SQL Developer, People Tools App Designer, PeopleSoft Query Manager, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Visio, Project

January 2007 – April 2009

Lead focus groups for documenting business processes and requirements for  PeopleSoft 9.0 HRMS

Configure and setup business specific Benefits, HR and payroll components 

Perform data mapping and validation of legacy system to PeopleSoft

Perform data conversion assurance for converted data

	Write Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs)	

Develop and lead end user training of the SOPs and software



Technology Assistant

North West Hendricks School Corporation, Lizton, IN

November 2002 – April 2007

Maintain and update school websites according to corporation guidelines

Resolve tech request submitted in a timely fashion as to not interrupt the education process

Perform hardware and software updates throughout the corporation

Design and conduct teacher in-service sessions to further develop the understanding of technology in the classroom

Provide requested software training throughout the corporation for administrators and teachers

Education

Business Information Systems, BS

Indiana Wesleyan University, Marion, IN

August 2012

References

References are available on request





Kyle Martin

8546 Cassia Drive, Plainfield, IN 46168 | 317.296.4585| kyle.martin@vandelaytechnologygroup.com\n
Joseph Cristiano, Jr.
Work Experience:
Workplace Wellness Partners, LLC.

2013 – Present

Management Consultant and Acting Director of Operations
Key Work Experience:
 Created and executes all operational policies, strategic planning and tactical decision making,
including providing executive decision making assistance and consultation to the Chief Executive
Officer.
 Manages all vendors, including suppliers, contractors, information technology resources, IT Cloud
services, data and application management.
 Manages all coordination between IT and Procurement to ensure effective processes and execution
of vendor selection activities and contracting.
 Established and monitors all vendor performance and service level agreements while managing all
vendor’s delivery of key contract obligations, milestones, and deliverables.
 Negotiates all rates, terms and provisions of vendor contracts. Directly responsible for the on-line
presence of the company, including all website design and content management.
 Created sales projection calculators, manages all revenue, cost accounting and budget planning.
Compass Solutions, Washington, DC
State of Massachusetts Health Information Exchange (HIE)

2012 – 2013

Management Consultant and Senior Project Manager
Key Work Experience:
 Oversaw the day-to-day project management of the design, development, analysis and integration
initiatives of the portal
 Directed all aspects of the project, including requirements gathering and verification, the aligning of
resources with requirements, monitoring performance against milestones and approved spend
plans, completion of milestones, management of documents, deliverables and fulfillment of the
project tasks.
 Worked collaboratively with the EOHSS and its stakeholders to achieve the stated tasks and goals of
the Health Information Exchange Project.
 Responsible for managing the business relationship with both the client and the prime contractor
and coordination of multi- team tasking.
2011 – 2012

Paradyme Management, Washington, DC

Senior Project Manager
Key Work Experience:
 Oversaw the day-to-day project management of the development, analytical and integration
initiatives.
 Managed a team that included a Senior Developer, two additional Developers and a Senior Business
Analyst that performed daily tasks on the project Responsible for managing the prime contractor,
Public Consulting Group (PCG) out of Boston, MA.
Joseph Cristiano, Jr.

Paradyme Management, Inc.

Page 1 of 3




Managed all aspects of the project, including budget, resource management, project planning and
scheduling and production of all deliverables.
Implemented standard industry applications that had complex, overlapping business processes
within the District’s health and human services cluster that included the Department of Youth
Rehabilitation Services (DYRS) and the Child and Family Services Administration (CFSA), as well as
the Arizona State Medicaid System.

Department of Youth Rehabilitation Services (DYRS)

2006 – 2011

Executive IT Advisor to the Deputy Director and Senior Project Manager
Key Work Experience:
 Responsible for several key special projects including the oversight of both technical and business
operations for the launch of a new detention facility.
 Worked to identify processes and conflicting processes to create deliverables and develop project
milestone reviews.
 Mr. Cristiano was required to manage relationships with executives, clients and staff in all areas of
the organization including IT, operations and case management.
 Managed vendors, including the establishment of service level agreements, provided technology
and business consultation to the agency and worked closely to align technology planning with the
client.
 Provided reporting support for executive leadership, organizational leaders and clients.
 Created and managed all data warehouse activities and executive dashboard creation for the agency
and designed and implemented the systems to provide robust reporting for planning, budgeting and
budget presentations to the executive committee, the mayor’s office and city council.
 Managed all aspects of the project, including monitoring performance against milestones and
approved spend plans, completion of milestones and management of completion of documents and
output in fulfillment of project tasks.
 Implemented standard industry applications within DYRS that had complex, overlapping business
processes within the District’s health and human services cluster business processes and service
delivery model that included education, courts, and justice systems and services.
2004 – 2006

IBM Corporation, Bethesda, MD

Senior Managing Consultant and Project Manager

Project: WebSphere and On Demand Workplace
Key Work Experience:
 responsibility of managing project activities for On Demand Workplace and ERP client projects
including cost oversight and budgets in the areas of IBM WebSphere Portal Strategy, Governance,
Portal Assessments, Portal Infrastructure and all Information Technology Management related
activities.
 leading or supporting Business Development, participating in Architecture studies and review,
Supporting cost estimating, development of Project Plans to include Integration Testing, Promotion
to Production, and Operations and Maintenance activities, developing cost proposals for submission
to clients, participating in negotiation sessions with clients to establish a contract for the effort and
monitoring and controlling all project related costs.
 Provided C-Level advising to client’s senior management on IT and IBM WebSphere Portal Strategy
for enterprise wide implementations.
Joseph Cristiano, Jr.

Paradyme Management, Inc.

Page 2 of 3

2002 – 2004

Unisys Corporation

Project Manager
2000 –2002

Andersen LLP

Manager
Telecorp PCS

1999 - 2000

Senior Manager
CarrAmerica Realty Corporation (CRE)

1998 - 1999

Manager
1993 – 1998

Discovery Communications, Inc.

Manager
Sandy Spring National Bank

1987 - 1993

Network Manager/Customer Service
Sandy Spring National Bank

1985 - 1987

Customer Service Representative

Education:
Bachelor of Arts in Liberal Arts, Specialization in Business, Cum Laude
The American University, Washington, D.C.

Joseph Cristiano, Jr.

Paradyme Management, Inc.

Page 3 of 3

\n
Ishmeet Singh
8125 48th AVE, APT. 514, College Park, MD 20740 | (240) 714-2866 | ishmeetsingh1973@gmail.com
EDUCATION
University of Maryland
MS, Telecommunications Engineering – 3.76 GPA

College Park, MD
Expected May, 2018

ITM University
B.Tech, Electronics and Communications – 3.7 GPA

Gurgaon, India
May, 2015

EXPERIENCE
Compro Technologies
New Delhi, India
Associate Software Testing Engineer
Feb 2016 – July 2016
 Independently did the functional validation of GradeIT and PCT applications
 Coordinated with the development team regarding bug fixes and smooth delivery of project content to client
 Configured new projects in MB Unit for regression testing
Aircel Ltd.
New Delhi, India
Intern
May 2014 – July 2014
 Studied the GSM network in detail and attained practical knowledge by visiting a MSC site
 Assisted Senior Personnel to resolve issues like call drop, call muting, network registration failure, etc.
Siemens Ltd.
Gurgaon, India
Intern
June 2013 – July 2013
 Analyzed non-conformance costs from data of various plants across the nation and published report
 Collaborated with various departments to perform the root cause analysis of the issues
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Edge Detection in images using MATLAB
 Developed algorithm in MATLAB to identify discontinuities in a surface
 Designed a GUI to serve functions like open, save, clear, close, et al.

Aug 2014 – May 2015

Carry-skip adder using Cadence
Aug 2014 – Dec 2014
 Performed transient analysis using Virtuouso to make a quantitative and qualitative comparison between various
adders
 Published a research paper in the International Journal of VLSI System Design and Communication Systems
(IJVDCS)
Low power techniques in VLSI using Cadence
Aug 2014 – Dec 2014
 Computed the transient analysis on Virtuouso after implementing techniques like stacking and MTCMOS to reduce
leakage power in a CMOS circuit
Clap counter using 8051 micro controller
Dec 2013 – May 2014
 Integrated a sound sensor with AT89C51 and a LCD module which increased the count by 1 every time some sound
was produced
 Verified the code on Keil µvision and the circuit on ISIS Proteus 7 before implementing the circuit on PCB board
SKILLS
Programming Skills: C, Python
Protocols Known: RIP, RIP V2, OSPF, BGP, IGRP, EIGRP
Framework: MBUnit
Database: SQL Server 2008
Applications: Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Keil, Virtuoso
ACTIVITIES
Subah
 Worked with local NGO on projects focused on health and poverty

May 2014 – May 2016

Data Compilation Team
 Formulated and shared the results of various events in annual university cultural fest with the jury
Global Young Leaders Conference (GYLC)
 Participated in Model UN in Washington DC and New York, representing Russian Federation

Oct 2012
June 2009

\n
Samyak Shah
3406 Tulane Drive #21, Hyattsville MD 20783
EDUCATION

(240)-360-6597

samyak.shah@rhsmith.umd.edu

Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Aug 2015- Dec 2016
Master of Science (MS) - Information Systems GRE: 325/340; GPA: 3.8/4
Data Networks and Infrastructure(A),Database Management System(A),Managing Digital Markets(A), Data Models and Decisions,
Big Data ,Data Mining and Predictive Analytics, Business Process Analysis, Strategic IT
K J Somaiya College of Engineering, University of Mumbai
Jul 2011-May 2015
Bachelor of Engineering-Computer Engineering –First Class
Publications – ‘SomeWhat Homomorphic Encryption with Key management Protocol’ And ‘Big data analytics using R’
EXPERIENCE
RAK Commodities, Mumbai, India - Analyst Intern
Jun 2014-Jul 2014
 Provided Commodities Analysis and valuation to 20 valued customers of firm
 Performed Data Analysis using Excel – Vlookup, Visual Basic, Macros, Pivot tables and mark-to market calculation helped to increase
prediction accuracy of commodities pricing
PROJECTS
Encryption on Cloud Computing
Jul 2014-Jun 2015
 Somewhat Homomorphic Encryption On Cloud -Achieved Encryption on Amazon Web Services DynamoDB NoSQL cloud database
using Java with AWS SDK reducing time taken for query processing on encrypted data following Software Development Lifecycle
 Prepared Software Requirement Specification (SRS) document, Software Architecture, Project Management Plan and Testing and User
manual using Rational rose and Visio
Customer Care Database management

Sep 2015-Dec 2015

 Built a suite with a database backend on SQL Server 2012 with tables, views, transactional queries and frontend on Salesforce.com
using reports, dashboards, views, workflow rules, validation rules, permission sets and page layouts for banking data
Data analysis using Tableau

Jan 2016-Feb 2016

 Investigated the Dognition company data set, designed a Structured Pyramid Analysis Plan and analyzed using Tableau by importing
Excel data into Tableau and creating data views, Dashboard with filters, parameters and calculated fields and published a
recommendation report
Client- based project following Scrum Methodology
Feb 2016- May 2016
 Developing application for Student Peer Reviews and related Analytics as part of the Scrum team in Java & SQL using IBM Bluemix
web services and also participating in Scrum ceremonies
Data mining and Predictive Analytics using R

 Working on the Rossman Stores Dataset to analyze the data using KNN, naïve bayes, Classification and regression algorithms and
predict the store sales for 7 weeks.
LEADERSHIP
Youth Vision Consultant, Hanoi, Vietnam
Jun 2013- Jul 2013
 Planned and managed ‘Vietnam Youth Icon’ project including four day camps and an event named International Youth Day. Worked
with 15 interns from 12 different countries for a month and catered to around 150 delegates
AIESEC Navi Mumbai, India
Feb 2013-Feb 2015
 Arranged Youth Leadership Conference being Core Committee (Logistics) in February 2015 in Silvassa, India catering to 400 delegates
from all over country
 Led a team of 5 people as Team Leader Human Resources from January 2014-December 2014 and was responsible for talent planning,
acquisition, training and retention and managed around 40 employees
 Acted as Team Leader International Student Exchange (Social) January 2013- June 2013 and increased number of exchanges by 250%
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 Technical: Java, C++, HTML, SQL, Salesforce.com, Tableau, R, Wireshark, Microsoft Excel, Statistical tools( @Risk, PrecisionTree,
StatTools, SolverTable) , Visio, Rational Rose, Python, SharePoint, Hadoop(Impala, Pig, Hive) [May 2016], Spark[May 2016],
Microsoft Project Management, MS Access, Weka

 Online courses: Intermediate R, , Data analysis in R, Machine Learning in R, Software Processes and Agile practices, Amazon Web
Services- Big Data Technology Fundamentals, Hadoop Application and Development Framework.

\n
Arpit Kapoor
8125 48thAve, #509 ■ College Park, MD 20740 ■ 240.481.4996 ■ arpit.kapoor@rhsmith.umd.edu ■
www.linkedin.com/in/arpit-kapoor
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland
December 2017
Master of Science in Information Systems
GRE: 322
Coursework: Data Models and Decisions, DBMS, Managing Digital Business Markets, BigData, Data
Mining and Predictive Analysis, Strategic IT, Business Process Analysis, Data Networks and Infrastructure
Thapar University, Patiala, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Major: Electronics Instrumentation & Control

June 2013

Technical Skills:
Programming Languages: C, C++, Perl, Shell scripting, SQL, Python
Tools: Cygwin, Iperf, Tera Term, Perl Modules, Wireshark, Jenkins, Fail2ban, Apache-Tomcat, Git,
Ansible, Microsoft Office, Tableau, Excel, Salesforce, SQL management studio, Lucid Chart
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, MAC OS X
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Lybrate India Pvt Ltd, Faridabad, India
2015 – 2016
DevOps Engineer
 Managed a 3-member team, responsible for daily build and releases, maintaining website to support over
3000 daily transactions. (Jenkins, AWS, Apache-tomcat)
 Planned and developed automation frameworks, analyzed and implemented new tools and methods to
scale technology. (Shell, SQL, Ansible)
 Installed and implemented security programs for 8 servers and monitored network inefficiencies.
 Analyzed user feedback and reported critical software bugs, resulting in customer satisfaction and
relationship management.
 Supervised configuration of a tool to prevent phishing attacks. This helped reduce constant monitoring
procedures and workload, bringing down server overloads by 50%. (Fail2ban)
Cavium Networks India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore, India
2013 – 2015
System Validation Engineer
 Coordinated testing across 4 offices to ensure product testing, End to End testing, IPsec testing for 3
products. (LTE small cells and Cellular Base Stations)
 Collaborated with developers, clients, on site teams, creating and testing in on field conditions to ensure
reliability of product.
 Created and Executed Test plans, performed rigorous testing of release and features to ensure delivery of
an efficient and functional product.
 Conducted quality and functional testing and reported software bugs with a sample of 128 users,
incorporated network feedback. (TM500, Bugzilla, Wireshark)
 Developed automation framework for End to End testing. Used across 3 teams, decreasing manual work
and mistakes by 75%. (Perl, Shell and Socket Programming)
PROJECTS
University Rankings Database
 Gathered, extracted and processed data regarding three courses MBA, MSBA, MSIS across universities
in the US to design an aggregator.
 Performed data transformation and upload to SQL server using SQL server management studio.
 Used Salesforce to help visualize the data using dashboards and reports.
Telecom Services Analysis
 Worked in a team of 5, to analyze and provide technology consulting to a telecom service provider based
in Zambia.

\n
BINOD KUMAR SINGH
22650 Shining Harness Street, Clarksburg, MD 20871 | (C) 262-309-3367 | bks.iitr@gmail.com

Professional Summary
13 years of Hands-on experience in IT industry with expertise in design/development and delivery of client server applications
using JAVA / J2EE. Keep learning and applying new Technology/Feature in the live ongoing projects. Possess a blend of
business , management and technical skills with the ability to translate business needs into real world solutions. Strong
background in Mathematics. A highly sincere, positive attitude and hardworking individual with strong organizational skills and a
good team player. Keep evaluating myself to perform better and learn from mistakes.

Skills
Expertise in end to end Software development life cycle
Coding best practices and review
Waterfall & agile methodology(Scrum)
Hands-on coding Experience
SOA experience
Leading a highly productive geographically distributed team
up to 70
Technical and Functional Design
Private and Public health care insurance
Production system maintenance & cost reduction
Process Improvements
Exploring new Technology/products upgrade features and
planning for implementation

Java, C, C++
COTS- 3M, Edifecs, Doc1, Rule Engine, Webload,
Selenium
JSP, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JSON, JavaScript
Spring, Sturts, Hibernate, SpringBoot, EJB, Servlets
XML
SOAP and REST web services
Weblogic 7.0, Websphere 8.5, JBoss server
Oracle 12c, DB2, SQL server 7.0
Jenkins,TOAD, Clear quest, Clear Case, JIRA, Eclipse,
Test Director
Maven, Ant, Jenkins
SQL, PL SQL
Windows, Unix Shell scripting
JMS

Work History
03/2013 to Current
Development Manager/Technical Manager/Technical Lead/Senior Java Developer
CNSI – Rockville MD
Led the geographically distributed development team (70 members) that enhanced State of WA MMIS(Medicaid
Management Information Systems) and developed Nation\'s first integrated SSPS(Social Service Payment System)
Hands On coding , design and code review on Java, JSP, Spring
MMIS production system 24X7 support and maintenance.
Implemented concept of Auto healing of the system using HealthBeat product.
Used Websphere MQ for JMS provider and created JMS client to consume message.
Used Rest WS( GET, PUT, POST) to integrate with Health plan finder(HBE).
Used Hibernate ORM framework to connect to Oracle database.
Implemented best coding practices in the team
Led a team of 5 performance engineers and achieved 50% system improvement of operational MMIS system
Accurately estimated the time and effort required to complete a deliverable
Improved team performance by providing technical leadership to teammates through coaching and mentor ship
Provided regular and effective progress updates to Project Stakeholder and work closely with Project Managers to ensure
the management of any delivery risks or issues
Implemented process improvements and standards to improve quality and service
As part of Technical/Management Approval team always made thoughtful, fact-based decisions
Automated monitoring of all production system & process. Reduced operations cost by 200k $ per annum by reducing
manual effort and making system automation. Saved HCA client operation cost by automating finalize status for
suspended claims by data analytic.
Managed development team performance reviews.

Created real time system operation dashboard for senior management.
Successfully completed Annual Disaster Recovery testing and ITF/UAT database exercise.
Achieved annual business goal based on the contract.
Active contribution in Screen performance testing webload, Automation testing Selenium and build automation process
using Jenkins.
Met all the SLA based on the contract.
Established and maintained vendor partnerships with OptumRx, Optum & HTC.
Led corporate initiatives such as iCare, Birthday celebration, Puzzle contest.

Manager Software Engineering/Lead Software Engineer/Senior Java Developer
Impetus Technology Inc/Connecture Inc – Brookfield, WI

01/2012 to 03/2013

Worked for Connecture client( www.connecture.com) Health insurance software product for end client BCBS MI.
Led the development team of 12 members (Onsite and Offshore) that customized product for BCBS MI SG
Hands on coding on SSO integration using SAML, Hibernate, data migration script, Java, SOAP web services using AXIS
Used Spring Core and Spring MVC framework
Used Hibernate as ORM framework
Collaborate with other software developers, business analysts and software architects to plan, design, develop, test and
deploy.
Client interaction, requirement gathering.
Using Agile-SCRUM Development Methodologies to deliver excellent quality of work in productive manner.
Used Spring MVC framework to create web application.
Performed load testing and enhanced screen and batch process performance .
Debugged production issue and found root cause/work around.
Developed Coverage agreement pdf in Inetsoft/Jasper reports.
Used Quartz to schedule jobs.

01/2010 to 01/2012
Lead Software Engineer
Impetus Technology Inc/Connecture – Brookfield, WI
Worked for Connecture client( www.connecture.com) Health insurance software product for end client BCBS MT.
Led the development team of 8members (Onset and Offshore) that customized product for BCBS MT IFP.
Hands on coding on core Java, Web services, JSP, SQL query.
Collaborate with other software developers, business analysts and software architects to plan, design, develop, test and
deploy.
Client interaction with technical and management team
Active participating and contribution in requirements gathering sessions with Client and internal product team.
Using AJAX to call Web Services from Application.
Developed complete workflow for BCBS MT IFP using Spring MVC, Core, JSP, Core Java, Oracle , Web services .
Debugged and modified software components for production issues.

04/2008 to 01/2010
Senior Software Engineer
Impetus Technology/Connecture – Brookfield, WI
Worked for Connecture client( www.connecture.com) Health insurance software product for end client BCBS MI IFP.
Developed code fixes and enhancements for inclusion in future code releases and patches.
Developed XSD and JAXB files for marshaling and unmarshalling.Developed logic for creating 834 feed Industry standard.
Developed new screens in Webwork.
Improved performance by 50% on average. For some scenario improved 90%. Reduce number of sql query fired using
caching.Developed application according to POC.

09/2006 to 04/2008
Technical Lead Offshore
Impetus Technology India Pvt Ltd – Noida, India
Built, tested and deployed scalable, highly available and modular software products.
Implemented complex bulk delete renewals. Created complex sql query to delete records from table. Detailed analysis of
more than 50 tables to delete records.
Implemented renewal sell process using Core java/Collection API.
Improved performance improvement for some pages 80% using caching and indexing.
Make some screen bulletproof using core java, Exception framework.
Lead offshore members in team.
Requirement analysis/design/estimation.
Client Communication.
Task assignment/monitoring.

03/2006 to 09/2006
Senior Software Engineer
Computer Science Corporation India Pvt Ltd – Noida, India
Understanding of already developed ParisPlus Framework Application.
Configure LDAP at offshore for Authentication and Authorization.
Developed Screens using Swing Component. Understand and modified existing Test Adapter for our need.
Develop Junit Test cases for testing.

Software Engineer
Perot Systems – Noida, India
Understanding of already developed GDB DataManagment Application.
Develop Strategy for creating xml after retrieving data from database .
Implement Functionality of creating XML using Java.
Develop Junit Testcases for testing.

08/2003 to 03/2006

Education
B.tech: Electrical Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology - Roorkee

May 2003

Accomplishments
5 times SOAR rewards for performing beyond expectation in CNSI.
2 times best employee of the year award in Impetus Technology.
Saved 200k $ every year in the Operations cost by Automation.
Track record of 100% to deliver assign task on time.
Wrote article on "Common mistake of software projects".

\n
Keerthi Gadiraju

Phone: (469) 708 8456                                                                                              Email id: keerthi.g0203@gmail.com



SUMMARY					



Over 7 years of IT Industry experience as Systems and Application Server Administrator with Expertise in Middleware technologies (BEA WebLogic Server 9.X/10.X, Oracle Weblogic 12c, JBoss 7.X, WebSphere Application Server ND, Apache 2.X SunOne) on platforms such as Red Hat Linux and Sun Solaris

Experience in Administration, Installation, Configuring, designing, tuning, troubleshooting, and maintenance of JBoss Application Server, including versions 4.0.x, 5.1.x, 6.2.x, and 6.4web-based applications in multi-tiered architecture, internet/intranet infrastructure as well as clustered environments.

Working as an administrator of Weblogic, JBoss and Websphere servers.  

Background includes experience developing automation scripts in JAVA.

Strong experience in Installation, Configuration, and Maintenance of ORACLE WebLogic Server, JBOSS, WebSphere Application Server on different UNIX platforms and setting up the Development, Testing, Staging and Production environments.

Experience working with Web servers such as iPlanet webserver, SunOne webserver and Apache Server 2.x.

Deploying J2EE Application archives (JAR, WAR, EAR and RAR) on WebLogic Server.

Created JMS Server, Connection Factory, Foreign JMS server, Message Bridge, Topic/Queue, Distributed destinations as part of Weblogic JMS Configurations.

Deployed applications on Middleware (JBoss, Weblogic and WebSphere) and maintained Load balancing, High Availability and Fail over functionality.

Maintained load balancing, high availability and failover functionality.

Configured and managed the important subsystems, including web, messaging, logging, and socket group.

Configured and managed the web container including the HTTP, HTTPS, and AJP connectors.

Performed server performance tuning and thread dump analysis when server crashed unexpectedly.

Extensively configured and managed secured environments using SSL and digital certificates. 

Created implementation docs for disaster recovery exercises.

Experience with LDAP functionality in complex clustered environment and setting up SSL security for MQ objects.

Experience troubleshooting issues such as out of memory, memory leaks, hung session as well as session replication, federation of nodes and synchronization of nodes with Network Deployment Manager.

Vast experience clustering (both horizontal and vertical), creating as well as maintaining domains, nodes and managed server’s instances in JBoss.

Experience troubleshooting issues such as out of memory, memory leaks, hung session as well as session replication, federation of nodes and synchronization of nodes with Network Deployment Manager.

Experienced configuring data sources, JDBC providers, JNDI, and connection pooling to connect to databases.

Experienced in applying patches and plug-ins for Weblogic, JBOSS and WebSphere.

Analyzing the Log Files, Thread Dumps, JVM Core Dumps, Heap Dumps, Exception Stack Traces.

Strong experience with automation using WLST, Jython and UNIX Shell scripts.  This involved building several tools for installation, configuration and deployment different web applications.

Involved in the design and Capacity planning for achieving scalability and High Availability for E-business.

Gained knowledge of AWS through training program, AWS (EC2 RDS and S3) associate administration level.

	Coordinating with network team to configure ACE Load Balancer for request distribution to apache web layer.

Experienced in applying patches and plug-ins for Weblogic Application Server.

	Extensive experience in configuring and managing secured environments using SSL and digital certificates.

	Configured Webserver Plug-ins for both WebLogic and implemented SSO across different domains using CASiteminder.

	Involved actively in troubleshooting the JVM crashes by analyzing the core dumps, other diagnostic artifacts and worked closely with Sun Engineers to trouble shoot JVM issues

	Monitored WebLogic server resources using Wily Introscope

Worked in Agile and Scrum Methodologyin order to meet deadline of Project.

Detected problems in early development stage and utilized effective troubleshooting skills.

Experience with 24/7 on-call production support and troubleshooting problems related to web servers, JBoss application server, plug-ins, and database-related issues.



	TECHNICAL EXPERTISE



Application Server: 	BEA WebLogic 7, 8.1, 9.2MP2 & Oracle Weblogic 11g/12c; IBM Application Server 6.0, Jboss application servers, Tomcat.

Operating Systems:  		Solaris, RedHatLINUX, IBM-AIX, HP-UX, Windows 

Web Server:  			Apache 2.x, IBM-HTTP Server, PlanetWebserver, Sun one web server 

Scripting Languages:  		WLST, UNIX Shell Scripting, Jython Scripting

Monitoring Tools:  		Wily Introscope, Nagios, BMC Patrol, and Samurai.

Database: 			Oracle 11i, MS SQL Server 7.x/2000.

Networking & Protocols: 	TCP/IP, Telnet, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, SNMP, LDAP, DNS.



EDUCATION



BACHELOR’S in Electrical and Electronics Engineering, JNTU, Hyderabad, India                                            	         May 2009



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Client: UPS, Alpharetta, GA				                                                                                  Oct’ 15 – Till Date

Role:  Sr. Weblogic/JBOSS Administrator



Responsibilities:

Extensively worked on administration of BEA WebLogic 10.0 MP1/Oracle Weblogic 11g/12c Application Server, Jboss EAP servers 6.x, Tomcat 7.x.

Install, deploy, cluster, performance tune, connection pool set, and domain create from beginning of the project.

Worked with load balancers team to configure BIG IP F5 load balancers and firewall and integrated with IIS web server.

Created the WESB queues and corresponding JMS queues in Websphere

Integrated the application infrastructure with F5 hardware load balancers and performed validation for failover and load balancing.

Experiencedin building environments from scratch starting from getting a plain UNIX machine to installing and configuring infrastructure tools to J2EE application rollout in production.

Performed multiple and consistent deployments to WebLogic environments as part of application rollout and eventually scripted it to automate deployments.

Utilized Remedy Problem & Change management application for management of problem tickets.

Configured Web Server plug-ins for Application Servers WebLogic and WebSphere.

Configured WebLogic JMS Configurations – JMS Server, Connection Factory, Foreign JMS server, Message Bridge, Topic/Queue, Distributed destinations.

Configured WILY Introscope for monitoring on all the Application wsdl’s and instances on Production and for understanding of Heap and thread behavior of applications.

Assign a predefined role like "Deplorer" to a group in LDAP using role base access control (RBAC).

Monitoring the logs, fixing the problems and tuning the parameters on WebLogic environment.

Managed and monitored the JVM performance by WebLogic Heap Size, garbage collection, JDBC Pools and Multi pools.

Analyzing the log files, taking thread dumps, JVM Dumps and Exception stack traces.

Involved in planning and implementing high availability environments which included clusters, session replication, multi-pools, distributed destinations and hardware load balancing & failover.

Analyzing and implementing the resolutions for the technical problems for the Application Servers like memory leak issues.

Automated middleware layer and database layer infrastructure deployment tasks using Chef

Automate various aspects of administration tasks such as domain creations, deployments, configuration change to minimize human errors. Use Puppet automation for achieving this.

Working on bug fixes and installing patches on Weblogic server 9.2/10.3/12.1, JBOSS.

Strong experience with Web servers such as Sun one web server and Apache Server 2.x.

Supported migration of applications from Oracle Weblogic 9.2.2 to Weblogic 10.3.5.

Working with infrastructure team to deliver environments for each project release on time.

Deployed J2EE archives WAR’s, EAR’s.

Troubleshooting the issues occurred during the deployment of J2EE applications and EJB components.

Work on Web Security tools- LDAP Server, SSL Certificates and client authentication.

Monitored the JVM Performance using Jconsole and BMC Patrol.

Involved in creating SSL certs and renewing certificates.

Developed WLST/JYTHON, ANT scripts, UNIX shell scripts to automate the deployment process.

Building the systems from OS Level, configuring and customizing it according to the company standards for Solaris 10, Solaris 8 and Red Hat Linux systems.

Doing all the documentation work for OS level Audit concerns, Backup forms, and open the requests for the changes in OS, i.e., Disk size increases, log size increases, kernal tuning parameters.

24 x 7 production support for Middleware environment. 

Utilize Remedy Problem & Change management application for management of problem tickets and production change requests.

Coordinated with many teams at a time during the production release and critical issues.

Worked on the DR (Disaster Recovery) project in building a DR site for the Middleware environment.

Environment: Oracle WebLogic 9.2/10.3.6/12.1.1, Jboss application servers 6.x, Tomcat 7.x., Apache 2.x, SunOne, Chef, Puppet, Linux, Windows (2000, XP,7), HP-UX, EJB, J2EE applications, JDBC, XML, UNIX shell Scripting, Wily Introscope, BMC Patrol, WLST



Client: AMDOCS, Chesterfield, Missouri					                                               Dec’14 - Aug’15

Role:  Middleware/ Systems Administrator



Responsibilities:

Extensively worked on administration of BEA WebLogic 9.2/10.0 MP1/Oracle 11g Application Server.

Installed, configured and administered and integrated Apache Web Server to work with the Application Server.

Working with infrastructure team to deliver environments for each project release on time.

Configured WebLogic Server resources using WLST for all web applications in the upgraded environment.

Created managed servers and configured Clusters for these managed servers.

Very strong understanding of apache mod_rewrite rules for redirecting the URL’s in many web based applications.

Worked closely with network team and SSO - Single Sign On team while shaking down the upgraded Test and Production environments.

Installing patches to different versions of WebLogic using SmartUpdate tool.

Involved in the project for the Migration of the DataCenter.

Responsible for migrating MDM application from Weblogic 9.2 to JBoss App Server 6.2.

Deployed multiple IP remediated applications as a part of the migration and tested the new applications successfully.

Registering the servers from the new DataCenter to the new Policy Server for Authentication of the applications.

Configured Node manager for administration of Managed servers.

Configured and administered WebLogic services like JMS, JNDI, JMX and JDBC.

Involved in cluster environment creation and deploying various J2EE applications on the managed servers and implemented Load Balancing, High Availability and Failover.

Involved in Load testing of the application running on Weblogic server using various tools.

Thread and Heap analysis using thread dump tools like IBM Heap Analyser, samurai and TDA and finding the blocking and locked threads.

Involved in creating SSL certs and renewing certificates.

Troubleshooting and fixing of problems on Oracle WebLogic Application Server.

Configuration of JDBC connections and data sources with Oracle database server 10.x.

Monitoring the error logs, fixing the problems and tuning parameters on WebLogic environment.

Monitored the JVM Performance using Jconsole and BMC Patrol.

Written Unix Shell Scripts and scripts for the Auto Deployment process of applications.

Maintaining code and configuration file in version management tool like ClearCase.

Created Users, Groups and Roles and assigned users to Groups and Roles.

Involved in configuring management, software deployment, change management, performance monitoring, and application maintenance.

Created detailed Visio diagrams for all upgraded environments

Documenting the technotes and design procedures and test plans for the support of the applications in the Environment.

Log files analysis for troubleshooting to resolve issues.

Using Siteminder for user authentication and authorization.

Provided Production support (24/7) and coordinated with the users to resolve any critical issues

Environment: WebLogic 8.1/9.2/10.3, Apache 2.x, IIS, Linux, Windows (2000, XP), EJB, J2EE applications, CA Siteminder, JDBC, XML, UNIX shell Scripting, Wily Introscope, BMC Patrol, WLST.



Client: CITI Bank, Inc., Kansas City, Kansas	 						 Oct ’13 - Nov’14

Role:   Application Support Engineer



Responsibilities:

Provided support for different environments including DEV, QA, UAT, staging, and production.

Needed to respond quickly to any P1-Critical issues and closely worked with UNIX, Network and Database teams if required.

Performed installation, configuration, tuning and troubleshooting of Weblogic/JBoss/Tomcat application servers on Red Hat Enterprise Linux platform.

Involved in various activities like deployment of J2EE applications in Weblogic console, creating clusters, managed servers, JMS queues, bridges & connections pools, configuring new Weblogic application domains, taking thread dumps etc.

Responsible for the verification and deployment of new applications into production as well as handling requests escalated from the business which requires in-depth investigation or updates/changes to the application or its data.

Made sure that all the production applications running in Weblogic, JBoss and Tomcat were up and running without any issues.

Monitored heap memory and CPU utilization using Jconsole.

Was responsible for resolving/updating incident/work order/change request tickets assigned to application support team within SLA.

Closely working with development team to identify/fix production issues.

Closely working with change, problem and release management teams.

Performed weekend maintenance activity for production applications.

Provided 24/7 on-call support for business-critical production applications on rotation basis.



Client: Queenz Software Private Limited, India 					               Jul’ 2009 – Sep’13

Role:   Weblogic Consultant



Responsibilities:

Experience in Installation, Configuration and Administration of BEA Weblogic 7.0, 8.1 on different platforms.

Involved in migrating BEA Weblogic 7 version to 8.1, performing patch upgrades, SP (service pack) installations &SSL certificates renewal.

Worked extensively on deployment of new J2EE applications, creating clusters, managed servers, JMS queues, bridges &JDBC connections pools, configuring new Weblogic application domains in BEA Weblogic server.

Level 1 application support involving monitoring, managing, code deployment and maintenance of internal Weblogic applications on Unix/Windows Operating systems.

Created scripts for automation at the OS and Weblogic level to minimize repetitive manual tasks for better system monitoring & problem resolution.

Involved in resolving production issues by working closely with infrastructure team (DBA, Development) when application related or deployment cycle problems are encountered.

Responsible for recording/documenting information concerning failures & outages in Production and the measures taken to resolve them.

First Line Application support involving monitoring, managing, application deployment and maintenance of internal Weblogic applications on Unix/Windows Operating systems.

Involved in automating the system by writing scripts at the OS and Weblogic level to minimize repetitive manual tasks for better system monitoring and problem resolution.

Responsible for recording/documenting information concerning failures & outages in Production and the measures taken to resolve them.

Interacted proactively with Development & Testing teams during testing and support requirements of application product prior to Production.

Environment: BEA Weblogic 7 & 8.1, Sun Solaris 5.8, Shell Script, JDBC, JMS, Servlets, JSP, EJB, HP Unix & Windows 2000/NT and Oracle 9i.\n
Jared Smith District Heights, MD 20747 jaysmithsjob@yahoo.com - 3012576076



I am currently working with Booz Allen Hamilton as a GIS software developer. I am looking for a positions in web development in the private sector.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer





WORK EXPERIENCE



GIS Software Developer

Booz Allen Hamilton  -  Springfield, VA - 2015-09 - Present



Work with javascript. oracle, oracle spatial, oracle express, sql, and pl/sql to create add on mapping capabilities in a desktop website. Created scripts that dynamically created shapefiles and then saved the shapefiles to oracle on the back end. Worked with oracle spatial to convert between well known text and string data as well as find a map extent and geometry types. Loaded project data directly through sql scripts. Customized pl/sql scripts for intended output. Created scripts with Nodejs that converted Gospatial data from shapefiles to geojson and Topojson. Created a script that packaged websites in order for them to be disseminated among different classification systems. My role also included creating webmaps using javascript ,jquery, and other popular javascript libraries to include angularjs. Worked with Esri and their ArcGIS online application to implement it within the agency were I was working.



GIS Analyst

Leidos   -   Alexanddria - 2014-10 - 2015-09



Ortho Rectified imagery in a program called JHU so that it could be delivered to our government client. Set up lidar sensors in the air planes as well as GPS tracking devices to monitor the air planes flight path. Worked with lightroom to ensure image quality. Use python to run automated scripts that helped slow down production time.



GEOSPATIAL SERGEANT

130th EN BDE  -  Bagram, AF - 2013-02 - 2014-09



Worked in current operations were I tracked and delivered reports on the effectiveness of surveillance assets in Afghanistan.

• Used ArcMap 10 to develop a visual graphic to depict were the surveillance assets spotted possible

Improvised Explosive Devices (IED).

• Used locus track to plot point imported from excel spreadsheets, and then ran the kernel density tool to depict suspected IED hotspots.

• Took over as the Geospatial lead halfway through deployment.

• Made maps depicting base closures and maps with imagery of known areas of interest.

• Created a Map of Bagram Air Field which depicted living quarters and their living capacity as well as office quarters and their living capacity. This map also identified all the camp names and points of interests on Bagram. This map was used to brief the post commander so they could get a better understanding of the actual space on BAF to house incoming companies and depict what Bagram would look like during redeployment procedures.

• Created and Altered shapefiles and geodatabases to display the different types of living quarters and infrastructures on Bagram.

• Altered imagery to make areas more visible.



• Briefed the Brigade Commander of the Enemy situation daily as well as weather effects on engineer operations.

• Trained subordinates and provided a monthly evaluation of them.



GEOSPATIAL SERGEANT

70th Engineer Company  -  Schofield Barracks, HI - 2011-08 - 2013-02



Supervised three soldiers and provided monthly evaluations.

• Made maps in support of pacific command operations using ARC Map 9.3.





• Maps produced included flood analysis, earthquake analysis, tsunami analysis, and route studies.





• While in this position I created vector data, altered imagery using hill shades, changing resolutions, and projections.



• Created geodatabases that auto populated data into the same coordinate systems as other imagery in specific areas of interest.



• Temporarily Deployed to Korea were I created maps in support of their annual training exercise.





• While there made maps that depicted were vehicles would be able to travel in case of bridge destructions. Created elevation maps and line of sights that helped the South Korean Colonel depict areas where they would have to control if they were to go to war with North Korea.



• Trained soldiers in how to create hill shades, flood analysis, and how to network printers.



Geospatial Analyst

70th Engineer Company  -  Schofield, HI - 2009-03 - 2011-08 to Victory in Iraq.



• Worked with Arc map 9.1 creating metadata for created vector data.





• Completed over 300 Request for Information (RFIs) in support of Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF) and

Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF). Produced numerous Tactical and Operational decision aids.





• Made maps supporting engineer mobility operations.





• Trained soldiers in new techniques of data storage and geodatabase exploitation using ARC GIS Desktop



169th EN BN

GEOSPATIAL ENGINEER E Co - 2008-09 - 2009-02



Learned basic knowledge of Geographic Information Systems.





• Produced tactical decision aids.





• Perform database management for the storage of aerial photographs, maps, digital data bases, and collateral source materials.



• Performs quality assurance during all stages of topographic operations.



EDUCATION



BA in Environmental Science

American Military University

2014 - 2015



Certificate in ArcGIS Desktop

Intelligence College

2009



Seguin High School



Associates in General Studies

Central Texas College





SKILLS



HTML5, javascript, css, python, jquery, nodejs, angularjs, Geospatial, Erdas, ESRI, Microsoft Suites





MILITARY SERVICE



Service Country: United States

Branch: Army

Rank: Sergeant

2008-07 - 2014-09

I was a GIS analyst that deployed twice, once to Iraq and another time to Afghanistan. While in the service I worked with many different teams and we always produced in a timely fashion and excelled. Once promoted to Sergeant I always had at least a team of 3 soldiers that I supervised.



Commendations:

NCO of the month twice. Soldier of the month. Top soldier at training exercises.\n
Mary Curto
Managing Director - B2E CONSULTING, LLC
Washington, DC
maryellencurto@gmail.com - 301-509-1224

WORK EXPERIENCE

Managing Director
B2E CONSULTING, LLC - Washington, DC - 2014-01 - Present
Consulting firm providing strategic and operational expertise to NGO's and businesses to achieve excellence
by augmenting the skills of senior staff and providing expertise on strategy, leadership, finance, operations,
IT, human resources and change management. Specific project work includes:
Otsuka Companies (US)
A $18B international conglomerate operating 5 companies in the US, dedicated to creating and promoting
new products and innovative solutions for better health worldwide, with a focus on four specialty areas:
neuroscience, oncology, nutritional/vitamins, and medical devices. OCM Lead on Company's Major Change
Process Implementation:
• Partner with Programs, Business Units, Enterprise Management: SME on implementation team implementing
IT Road Map, EA/Data integration, and Finance/Shared Services to identify, manage, prioritize, fund and
schedule, rationalize capabilities across the business.
• Executed Business Process Improvement Model to include metric analysis of impacts to create benchmarks
as basis for process development and enhancement to ensure financial and resource investments are
managed appropriately, that all resources are optimized to provide the greatest value to the business, and
that operational costs are controlled.
• Strategic Sourcing Plan Implementation: including RFP for outsource vendor, vendor selection and
justification, contract execution and administration, and project plan development and implementation (with
vendor).
• Workforce Planning: creating existing condition assessment, SOP audit and analysis, best practices
benchmarks, development of knowledge transfer procedures, development of SME expertise, process
documentation, training and systems transfer, QA documentation sign off, and QC audit and testing.
Independent Financial Consultants Foundation
Serves as the Foundation's Executive Director, Chief Fundraiser, Operations Director. The Mission of IECA
Foundation is to identify and support programs that have significant impact on underserved students and their
educational environments, by investing in programs that produce pragmatic, measurable results for vulnerable
students, their parents, and their communities.
• Strategic Planning: Facilitate IECAF's long-term and short-term strategic planning process. Collaborates with
the President and senior team to create organizational goals aligned with IECAF's vision and mission. Monitor
and evaluate progress to ensure IECAF achieves its strategic objectives.
• External Relations; responsible for events, programs and initiatives with focus on financial development
to provide funding support for Foundation projects. Provides community outreach, building collaborative and
strategic relationships in order to expand the reach of the Foundation's programs.

Vice President of Financial & Operations
CORPORATION FOR TRAVEL PROMOTION - Washington, DC - 2012 - 2014
The Corporation for Travel Promotion (dba Brand USA) 501(c)(6) non-profit, $200M public-private partnership
created by Congress, receving $100m in federal funds per year, dedicated to promoting the U.S. as a premier
travel destination with the mission of creating American jobs.

Built Best-In-Class Infrastructure
• Recruited as the first COO / CFO / Operations to provide the strategic direction and oversight to the overall
execution of an ambitious multi-year, multi-stakeholder initiative (complex public-private entity).
• Directed and lead four division direct reports -Operations, Compliance, IT and Legal, and managed the
outsourced functions of Accounting and Human Resources.
• Introduced the 10% G&A benchmark to insure 90% enterprise investment in mission-critical programs
resulting in a small team of effective of senior leaders and a highly competent supporting team of a strategic
outsourcing.
Achieved Discipline In Cost And Financial Management:
• Successfully maneuvered within a change-laden environment, the implementation of the immediate goal
of building a robust financial infrastructure and first annual budget process - within a highly compressed
timeframe.
• Key driver in developing and implementing disciplined practices, standard operating policies and procedures
in accordance with complex compliance requirements including; OMB A133, GAAP, EEOC, OSHA, FAR, and
ERISA.
• Implemented sophisticated CRM and data tracking systems supporting a 30% increase in partnerships in the
2nd year and attainment of revenue matching goal of $100m.
• Positioned Brand USA to substantiate the ROI for all programs and initiatives resulting in the Congressional
Reauthorization of the organization in FY2015. Developed metrics and reporting format for Department of
Commerce and Congressional accountability reports.
Optimized Team Performance/Organizational Effectiveness
• Developed talent recruitment and pipeline program - hired 43 staff in 6 months (C-suites / VP's/ Directors),
creating a potent, collaborative and high-functioning interdisciplinary team capable of advancing Brand USA's
mission.
• Implemented comprehensive HRIS systems augmenting benefits administration, designed/implemetned a
performance review process & goal management process, implemented professional development program
of comprehensive learning strategies & leadership development program, and executed an exciting and
motivating employee onboarding program, developing positive employee participation from the first day.
• Established FAR-based hiring metrics for diversity program and exceeded hiring goals by 25% in the first year.

Founder/Executive Director
AMERICAN HIGH SPEED RAIL ALLIANCE - Washington, DC - 2009 - 2011
Founder/Incorporator of a non-profit 501(c) (6) association chartered to develop and implement a national
high-speed passenger rail system in the Us.
Relationship Building/Membership Development
• Developed strategic plan to focus membership development on high-level individuals, corporate and partner
organizations to establish public support at the state, national and international levels resulting in a revenue
base of $300,000 in first year.
• Consistently articulated and evangelized mission by traveling extensively to deliver numerous speeches and
presentations while serving as high-visibility spokesperson.
External Relationships/Public Relations/Branding
• Developed a public education campaign in partnership with the Chinese Ministry of Railroads (MOR).
Developed partnership with UNIFE - European executives from the manufacturing industry to assist in
establishing a sustainable membership base and financial foundation.
• Implemented and lead the strategic branding and public relations campaign that focused on C-level
executives in the global manufacturing industry, global heads of transportation government agencies, unions,
international professional service firms, and public-private partnerships, including financial investment groups.
• Designed and produced media campaigns and educational outreach programs by working closely with public
relations firms.

Chief Operating Officer/ Chief Financial Officer
GGA, LLC - Washington, DC - 1999 - 2009
Internationally recognized corporate firm with offices in London, Bogota, and Beijing, designing corporate
environments anticipating the rapidly changing workplace: combining architecture with organization behaviors,
cognitive ergonomics, technology by incorporating the psychology of employee motivations with human
factors engineering and ergonomics. Developed reputation for creating workplace environments that enhance
and optimize human productivity and well-being by creating collaborative, sustainable, and productive work
environments.
Focus on: Ensuring competencies in operations, finance profitability and organizational effectiveness. Highly
visible, multi-faceted leadership role, driving end-to-end business operations as the company's first COO /
CFO.
Strategy - Revenue Growth
• As a leader of the executive team, worked with CEO to develop and execute a 3-year comprehensive
revenue expansion strategy by cultivating global alliances which enabled the firm to capture larger-scale,
highly profitable projects in the global marketplace, thereby transitioning the firm to international status and
recognition.
• Navigated the company's growth and evolution from a mid-Atlantic architecture firm into an internationally
recognized, corporate workplace design firm, opened 3 new offices in Europe, South American and China,
and boosted the culture and talent necessitous to execute the deliverables of the firm's expanded market
requirements.
• Created a business development strategy to expand into a new horizontal market sector to the federal and
government projects, injecting $40M of additional revenue over 5 years, and adding highly visible federal
projects to the firm's portfolio: Department of Commerce renovation, GSA Headquarters, FDIC and OCC IDIQ
contracts nationwide. Developed all compliant operating procedures as a government contractor to comply
with FAR regulations.
• Developed capital strategy, cash flow and liquidity management including cash flow reporting, forecasting,
and management plan.
Elevated Organization Effectiveness:
• Financial management: Oversaw the annual budgeting process, including coordination among the program
directors resulting clear, concise, and accurate financial reporting.
• Risk Management/ Control / Compliance - worked closely with legal to insure compliance with laws and
regulations by designing and maintaining standard operating procedures the ensure effective financial and
operational controls.
• Budget and Expense Management - developed budget development system and processes for all units
throughout the company.
Talent, Culture, Performance Leader and Driver of Positive Change:
• Over the term of 10 years, hired over 400 professionals; partners, directors/managers and administrative
staff. Developed all HR programs (and communication protocols) to incentivize and recognize employee
development in the execution of organizations expanded mission and goals.
• Led the HR team in the alignment and streamlining of antiquated processes to deliver team-based culture at
the forefront of technology, design and LEED & renewable standards.
• Increased automation of back-office processes, implementing and enforcing financial and reporting
compliance standards, and leveraging financial tools, as well as Quality Control based on Six Sigma
methodology.
• Engaged the entire staff and built consensus across the organization to instigate real change and sustainable
value.

Technical ERP Systems- Oracle, PeopleSoft, NetSuite, Microsoft Dynamics, CRM-Salesforce, HubSpot,
CRM4M
Financial - QuickBooks, Unanet, Deltek, Great Plains, Microsoft FRx, and AcceLIM, Concur
HRIS - @Work, Workable, PerformancPro, Halogen
Digital Media Tools - Pixlr, Zoho

EDUCATION

BA in Business Management
University of Maryland - College Park, MD

LINKS
http://www.facebook.com/mary.e.curto
http://www.linkedin.com/in/maryellencurto

\n
PALLAVI KAMBIRI
pallavi.k am b iri@ rhs mith .u md .edu | (240) 899 5020
EDUCATION
Robert H. S mith S chool of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
M aster of Science in Information Systems | Focus: Business Analysis
Guru Gobind S ingh Indraprastha University, New Delhi, India
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science:
 R eceived awards for exceptional academic performance in four out of eight semesters.

Dec 2016

May 2012

PROFES S IONAL EXPERIENC E
S traight Talk, Walmart Technology, Reston, VA
June 2016 – August 2016
Summer 2016 Intern
 Worked on Straight Talk project eliciting requirements for auto-recharge using agile methodology and documented user stories for project
deliverables.
 Developed the Straight Talk auto-recharge functionality for the mobile app using Android Studio and Eclipse in order to increase ease of recharge for
the customer thereby eliciting a better customer experience, increased customer loyalty and thus increased profits for the organization.
 Documented the evolving requirements and created traceability documents to ensure the extendibility of the product.
Finance Department, Robert H. S mith S chool of Business, UMD
Research Assistant
Sep 2015 – Nov 2015
 Extracted key development data for 10,000 US based companies from Capital IQ to study the impact of financial news on the market.
 Refined data and used data mining techniques to observe and predict patterns in it; as a result analyzed the volatility of the market.
 Documented data quality and traceability documents to ensure data integrity across various news sources.
S &P Capital IQ, McGraw Hill Financials, Gurgaon, India
Technology Quality Analyst
Sep 2013 – Jul 2015
 Analyzed and tested major financial datasets for the Excel plug-in and API team; reduced production error rate by 80%.
 Improved business process of handling client issues and monitoring error logs and provided customer with detailed solutions and workaround
options based upon the errors identified; improved working efficiency by 40%
 Hosted meetings with stakeholders and collaborated with both business and technical teams to deliver optimal business solutions for
analysis, design and development, performance tuning and production rollout.
 Lead tester on Barra Beta project serving M organ Stanley, as a result client renewed contract.
 D e v e l o p e d b u s i n e s s c a s e s a n d performed Acceptance Testing (UAT), Unit Testing and Documenting and provided daily status report;
achieved 99% error free output.
 Developed build validation tester to test API layer and increased efficiency by 75%.
S opra India Pvt. Ltd, NOIDA, India
Engineer Development (SAP)
Jul 2012- Aug 2013
 Proactively w orked with business analyst team, participated in the verification and process business requirements; as a result, produced technical
designs and implementation mapping.
 Reviewed Business Requirement Documents and catalogued software requirement document for 10 modules.
 Actively involved in defining the source to target data mappings, business rules and data definitions .
 Analyzed complex client issues ensuring turn around time of less than 24 hours to reduce business impact by 35%.
PROJECTS
Implementing Agile in real-time environment (Capstone)-Product Owner: Worked with real-time clients to obtain business requirements, develop
and maintain product backlog and to provide constant support to the scrum team through sprint planning and sprint review sessions.
DONCO Networking Challenge for Niger: Elicited business requirements from DONCO and analyzed the existing technological, social and political
conditions in Niger; as a result, formulated recommendations to facilitate business with its newly formed alliance.
LEADERS HIP EXPERIENCE / ACHIEVEMENTS
Robert H. S mith S chool of Business, University of Maryland, MD
 Held the chair of the President of the Professional Communications Club for Smith M aster’s Students.
 Represented all the M asters Specialty courses at Smith for the reaccreditation process of the school.
S &P Capital IQ, McGraw Hill Financials, Gurgaon, India

Awarded three ACE awards, one ‘Star of the Week’ and recognition from CEO of organization for outstanding performance.
S opra India Pvt. Ltd, NOIDA, India
 Acknowledged as ‘Best Team’ in a period of two months from project initiation.
S KILLS AND CERTIFICATIONS
 Technical S kills: C, C++, HTM L, SAP, ASP.Net, SQL, R, Java, Agile M ethodology, Software Development Life Cycle(SDLC), Google Analytics
 Tools: Stat Tools, Google Analytics, Precision Tree, @RISK, SVN, JIRA, Tortoise SVN, Visio, Share Point, Team Foundation Service, Eclipse,
Android Studio, Salesforce, R Studio
 Certifications: ‘DB2 Database and Application M anagement’, ‘SAP ABAP’ certified by Sopra India Pvt. Ltd., Google M obile Advertising.

\n
Ethan R. Ace

7618 Rhode Island Avenue | College Park, Maryland 20740 | 443-934-3884 | ethan.ace@gmail.com



Education

University of Maryland

Economics                                                                                 

May 2018

GPA : 3.4

Dean’s List: Fall 2014

Related Coursework: Business Management, Microeconomics, Macroeconomics.

Freie-Universität, Berlin

Comprehensive courses in Economic, Public, and Foreign policy of the European Union.

ACTIVITIES

Students Helping Honduras



Volunteered with a team of about 50 students to travel to Honduras in order to build a middle school for a rural village near San Pedro Sula. Successfully constructed the foundation and walls during our week of service. 

National Society of Leadership and Success

Member, Summer 2016 - Present

Maryland Men’s Soccer Club

Member, Fall 2014 - Present

Sigma Nu Delta Phi Chapter, Homecoming Chairman

Organize activities and events for alumni, as well as several other fraternities and sororities, during homecoming week for University of Maryland.





Experience

Adele’s

Server

            June 2016 to Present

Coordinate with other servers to provide superb service to students, parents, and professors in a restaurant averaging 500 daily customers.

Verify that student’s checks are split correctly and untaxed transactions are handled properly.

Collect payment from guests. Complete side work as assigned, clear and set tables, and stock service areas.





Buddy’s Pools & Spas

Retail

   

   May 2014 to August 2014

Coordinated the sales of pool chemicals, supplies, and equipment to customers.

Provided customer service over the phone to customers who had questions about various equipment for their pool.

Diagnosed customers’ pool water through alkaline tests, PH tests, and algae tests. Advised customers on how to treat their pool by suggesting chemicals and algae killers.

Familiarized myself with databases for pool equipment.

SKILLS

Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, MICROs.

REFERENCES

Dr. Sebastian Golla
sebastian.golla@gmx.de\n
Navdeep Singh Nara
College Park, MD

301-318-8428

navdeep.nara@rhsmith.umd.edu

www.linkedin.com/in/naranav

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science (M.S.), Focus Area: Information Systems
Ramrao Adik Institute of Technology, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Focus Area: Electronics and Telecommunications

December 2016
July 2013

SKILLS
ยง
ยง
ยง

Analytical: Scrum, Agile, Tableau, R, Python, Hadoop, AWS, SPARK, Hive, Android Studio, Risk Analysis,
Salesforce, API, Solver, Spreadsheet modeling using MS-Excel, Statistics
Technical: SQL, JAVA, J2EE, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, XML, C++
Domain: Healthcare, Insurance, Banking, Computer Networking, Internet Security, Telecommunication

EXPERIENCE
Client Network Services Inc. (CNSI), Rockville, Maryland
June 2016 - July 2016
Designation: Business Analyst Intern
ยง Visualized billions of rows of data on Tableau Desktop to examine trend and come up with conclusions based on
Washington state demographics
ยง Predicted total number of claims and payments by formulating various models on R-Studio and coming up with an
accuracy of 87.61%.
ยง Prototyped android application in Android Studio for easier information availability to clients and decreasing call
center call volumes by around 45% and cutting down on costs by 30%.
Tech Mahindra, Mumbai, India
Sept 2013 โ June 2015
Designation: Software Engineer
ยง Developed and unit tested over 1500 lines of code using Computer Sciences Corporationโs (CSC) GraphTalk
application to fulfill client requirements related to insurance modules and products.
ยง Prepared SQL queries to report taxes incurred and commission paid to agents throughout the year.
ยง Conducted comprehensive analysis and presented solutions to all bugs arising in code thereby reducing
Turnaround time by 4 minutes.
ยง Led and mentored three team members to revamp entire claim module within a nine-month time frame.
ยง Automated claim initiation and approval process decreasing manual intervention by 40%, and curtailing program
execution time by 14 seconds.
ยง Administered 16 Tuxedo servers (middleware between GraphTalk and Web Portal for providing services) and
supervised Tuxedo deployment process.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Internet Of Things: BitByte
ยง Led Scrum Team of 7 members as a Scrum Master to develop an android application, which gets real time data
from wearable sensors and helps you improve eating habits and lifestyle.
ยง Implemented Scrum methodology and completed project in 3 sprints of 2 weeks each.
ยง Interacted with client and presented all requirements to the team.
ยง Documented all tasks and progress made by each member of the team.
Big Data: Amazon Fine Food Reviews
ยง Analyzed reviews on food to predict customer trends by adopting MLlib machine learning algorithms in Spark.
ยง Leveraged Tableau to perform data visualization and interesting insights into the data.
ยง Used Hive to perform descriptive analytics on Amazon Food data.
ยง Executed python scripts containing different models on Amazon Web Services (AWS) to predict customer behavior.
LEADERSHIP
ยง Vice President of External Relations at Information Systems Association (ISA) at Smith. Responsible for
meeting with the Master Program Office and enhancing alumni involvement.
ยง Track Representative for Information Systems cohort at R.H. Smith School of Business. Liaison between
administrative office and students for effective communication of views and suggestions.

\n
JeeKang
contact

1820 Encore Terrace
Severn, MD 21144

experience
Jan 2017–

Paradyme Management
Greenbelt, Maryland
Techincal Intern/Database App Development Lead
• Currently working on designing and developing a constituent database application hosted on AWS using Django and MariaDB to completely replace company’s current constituent storage system.
• Individually designed and developed a proof of concept prototype database app
with authentication and polished user interface using Django and MariaDB.
• Project Back-End Development Lead.
• Presented business plan and proof of concept to CEO and potential users and
obtained approval of budget.

Fall 2016

Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology
College Park, Maryland
Undergraduate Research
• Optimized existing program written in Perl to process large amounts of data
and split it into smaller, more workable sets of data.
• Used C in conjunction with Perl to parallelize workload and speed up running
time signiﬁcantly.

phone:
443 944 7487
e-mail:
jwk1151@gmail.com

languages

English
Korean

programming
Java
Python
Django
C
MIPS
Ruby
HTML
LATEX

GitHub

www.github.com/jeekang

graduation

Expected: Dec 2018
[Dual Degree]

overall gpa

Last Updated on 16th February 2017

education
Fall 2018

B.S. in Computer Science [3.716]
University of Maryland College Park
Relevent Courses: Object Oriented Programming I & II, Introduction to Computer Systems, Discrete Structures, Algorithms, Organization of Programming Languages

Fall 2018

B.S. in Neurobiology and Physiology [3.716]
(Integrated Life Sciences Honors College)

University of Maryland College Park

projects
2017

Paradyme Management Constituent Database - Proof of Concept
Paradyme Management
Full stack development of Django web app using MariaDB. Full featured web application with polished user interface that was presented to the CEO of Paradyme Management to obtain approval of budget and project.

2016

Turnt Tower App
Independent
Android app which augments the classic board game, Jenga. Using a simple, attractive, UI, the application generates ”rules” for the player to follow after they successfully
remove a block from the tower.
Overwatch Competitive Rank Chrome Extension
Independent
A Chrome web plug-in that uses Blizzard’s API to take an individual’s battle.net ID and
display their current rank/tier in Competitive Overwatch.

3.716

2017

achievements
2014

Integrated Life Sciences Honors College Citation

2015

Scored in the 94th percentile in the MCATs

University of Maryland College Park
MCAT

2012 - 2016 Presidential Scholarship

University of Maryland College Park

2012 - 2017 7 semesters on Dean's List

University of Maryland College Park

skills
Problem Solving, Afﬁnity for coding, Using small shell scripts to automate menial tasks, Bi-lingual,
Public Speaking, Social Networking.

\n
JOHN PARK
14526 Good Hope Rd, Silver Spring, MD 20905
(301) 919 2537
jpark134@terpmail.umd.edu
EDUCATION
B.S., Computer Engineering
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
James A. Clark School of Engineering
Honors College
Entrepreneurship and Innovation Program

Expected May 2020
GPA: 3.981
Sept. 2016 – May 2020
Citation Expected May 2018

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
Silver Chips Online, Technical Director.
Sept. 2014 – May 2016
• Lead the technical staff for the Montgomery Blair online newspaper. Ensured writers, editors, and photo
staff received requested features for the website. Wrote code using PHP and utilized MySQL
• Won the Columbia Scholastic Press Association 2016 Gold Crown Finalist Award
Kollander Associates, intern.
June 2015 – Aug. 2015
• Developed JAVA programs to analyze monthly temperatures of the regions in the contiguous United States
• Worked with findings and data given from members of the American Statistical Association
University of Maryland Dept. Aerospace Engineering, intern.
June 2014 – July 2014
• Operated transmission electron microscopes to evaluate different metal materials with sub nanometer
resolution.
• Had research results presented in the Material Science & Technology 2014 Conference in Pittsburg, PA
INTERESTS / ACTIVITIES
Engineering Student Council
• Currently running for treasurer of ESC

Sept. 2016 – Present

Engineers Without Borders

Sept. 2016 – Present

MBHS Smart Phone Programming Club

Sept. 2013 – May 2016

AWARDS
Banneker Key Scholar
• Four-year scholarship to the University of Maryland

Aug. 2016 – May 2020

Herbert Rabin Endowed Scholarship in Engineering
Aug. 2016 – May 2020
• Provides full four-year scholarship when coupled with the Banneker Key scholarship. Given to one to two
freshmen every year.
Honorable Mention for ExploraVision Research Competition
Mar. 2014
Maryland General Assembly Official Citation

Oct. 2014

Gold President’s Volunteer Service Award

Oct. 2011

SKILLS
Languages: JAVA, HTML, CSS, PHP, STELLA, TruBasic
Applications: MATLAB, Autodesk Inventor, Mathematica, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Fluent in Korean

\n
Kranthi Bheema
kranthikbheema@gmail.com
Contact (Cell): (262) 422-7843

Summary:















Around 11 Years of experience in IT industry as a Middleware Engineer including IIS, and other Java
Technologies (Weblogic, WebSphere, Jboss, Tomcat, Apache and iPlanet)
Expertise in Installation, Configuration, Troubleshooting and managing various versions of Microsoft IIS,
Oracle Weblogic, IBM WebSphere, JBOSS and Apache Webserver on Windows and Linux server
Platforms.
Extensive experience in planning and implementation of upgrades and migration strategies for IIS and
java application servers.
Extensive experience in migrating reverse proxy services from iPlanet to Apache.
Experience in migrating Servers, Applications and Content across Data Centers.
Experience in Troubleshooting issues involved with Network, Active Directory, LDAP, Citrix, DNS
Server, F5 Load balancing, Operating systems, 3 DNS, Database and SiteMinder.
Experience in working with regulated environments compliant to FDA and SOX.
Expertise in implementing, analyzing Monitoring / troubleshooting /analytic tools like Wily Introscope,
IIS Tracer, Chef, Puppet, Jenkins, Awstats, Debug Diagnostics, Log Parser.
Expertise in implementing Multi-Layer architecture.
Advanced Administration of Windows and Linux server Operating Systems.
Good experience in implementation of ITIL Processes in terms of Change, Incident, Problem
Management, Document Management and knowledge Management.
Experience as a Team Leader, Subject Matter Expert, and Technology Lead on implementing products
and processes for External Clients (or) Hosted Technology Solutions Customers.
Good at Communication skills, Analytical and Problem solving Skills.

Certifications:


Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist: Windows Server 2008 Applications Infrastructure,
Configuration.

Technology Expertise:
Operating Systems

Oracle Enterprise Linux, RedHat Linux, Sun Solaris, Windows 2000, Windows 2003,
Windows 2008

Web Platforms

IIS (5.0, 6.0 and 7.5) Weblogic (9.x, 10.x.x), WebSphere (6.x, 7.x and 8.x) Glassfish (2.1,
2.1.1 and 3.0), Iplanet(6.0 and 7.0.x), Apache (2.x.x) and JBOSS (4.3.0 GA)

Scripting Languages

VB, Shell, WLST.

Databases

MS-SQL, MySQL

Tools

Debug Diag, IIS Tracer, CA Wily Introscope, jFM, SiteScope, HP Quality Center, awstats,
Netigrity SiteMinder, servers alive, WireShark, httpWatch, Fiddler, httpfox

Kranthi Bheema
kranthikbheema@gmail.com
Contact (Cell): (262) 422-7843
Virtualization

VM Ware ESX, VM Ware Lab Manager, VM Ware WorkStation

Security

SiteMinder

Directory Services

Active Directory, Open LDAP, Cons LDAP, Oracle Internet Directory (OID)

GE HealthCare Wauwatosa, WI,

September 2015 – Till Date

Middleware Engineer and Onsite Lead:
















Implementation of numerous third-party products on Windows 2008 R2 (IIS 7.5) and Windows 2012 R2
(IIS 8.5) environments.
Manage IIS Web Farm in Intranet, DMZ and Customer facing Networks for Reverse Proxy Solutions
and High Availability.
Install and manage SSL Certificates on IIS and j2ee container servers
Migration of Windows server 2003(IIS 6.0) to Windows server 2008 R2 (IIS 7.5) and Windows server
2012 R2 (IIS 8.5) migration.
Migration of j2ee container application servers like Tomcat, JBOSS, WLS and WAS
Design, Install, configure and manage Batch servers using VB and PowerShell scripting per the business
needs.
Design, build and implementation of Team Foundation Server (TFS) 2010 & 2013 with Reporting,
SharePoint and SQL Server services.
Design, Install, Configure and manage SQL Server 2008, 2012 and 2014 versions.
Carried out Migration of SSRS 2005 to SSRS 2012 and SSRS 2014 for multiple state agencies.
Manage Virtual Machines (VM’s) using vSphere.
Implementation of Transport Layer Security for HIE Customers.
Authored Documentation includes Technical Architecture Diagrams (TAD), Component Design
Specifications (CDS), Installation and Configurations, Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and Process.
Set up Monitoring for Infrastructure availability, application availability, System Resources (Disk Space,
CPU and Memory)
Provide knowledge transfer, guidance on technical challenges and documentation to the offshore team.
Meet with offshore team on a regular basis to understand their concerns, technical and process wise
challenges, gaps and help them overcome those areas.

Kranthi Bheema
kranthikbheema@gmail.com
Contact (Cell): (262) 422-7843
State of Wisconsin (DOA), Madison, WI,

June 2014 – August 2015

Web Engineer Lead:



















Responsible as primary support point of contact for Enterprise Services including IIS, Enterprise
Distributed Batch Systems, Team Foundation Services (TFS), Mediasite, GlobalScape FTP, SQL
Server Reporting Services
Secondary support point of contact for Citrix XenApp, Urchin Web analytics, Ultraseek Search engine
and other third party products involving QS1, Fundraising 50, AiM and Adobe Connect.
Design, Install, Configure and manage IIS servers as per Business needs.
Carried out Datacenter migration for IIS servers
Define and fine tune the process of implementing IIS servers with best practices
Design, Install, configure and manage Enterprise Distributed Batch systems using VB and PowerShell
scripting per the business needs.
Extensive usage of vSphere to manage Virtual Machines.
Design, build and implementation of Team Foundation Server (TFS) 2010 & 2013 with Reporting,
SharePoint and SQL Server services.
Provisioning collections, projects and access to developers for various areas of TFS.
Configure Software builds and automated deploys to non-production and production environments using
TFS.
Design, Install, Configure and manage SQL Server 2008, 2012 and 2014 versions.
Carried out migration of SSRS 2005 to SSRS 2012 and SSRS 2014 for multiple state agencies.
Carried out transition of IIS servers from different state agencies as part of consolidating Data Centers.
Responsible for Monthly server patching through Lumension Patch and Remediation.
Quarterly review of all third-party products and schedule upgrades as necessary.
Research alternatives to legacy Enterprise services.
Carried out Migration of Windows server 2003 (IIS 6.0) to Windows Server 2012 R2 (IIS 8.5).

GE HealthCare Wauwatosa, WI,

March 2007 – June 2014

Middleware Engineer and Lead Technologist:




Involved in Design, Build, Implement and Support of infrastructure for Hosted Technology Solutions
customers.
Implementation of Kryptiq Secure Messaging and Patient portal products on Windows 2003 (IIS 6.0)
Windows 2008 R2 (IIS 7.5) and Windows 2012 R2 (IIS 8.5) environments.
Design and Implement IIS Web Farm in Intranet, DMZ and Customer facing Networks for Reverse

Kranthi Bheema
kranthikbheema@gmail.com
Contact (Cell): (262) 422-7843


























Proxy Solutions and High Availability.
Design, build and implementation of Team Foundation Server (TFS) 2010 & 2013 with Reporting,
SharePoint and SQL Server services.
Involved in automation of Installations, Deployments start and stop procedures using scripting (Shell,
Weblogic Scripting Tools (WLST) and wsadmin.
Carried out Design and Implementation of Transport Layer Security for HIE Customers.
Implementation of CA Wily Introscope for IIS, Weblogic and Glassfish.
Provided around the clock on call assistance as SWAT member for Severe and Critical incidents.
Provide knowledge transfer, guidance on technical challenges and documentation to the offshore team.
Meet with offshore team on a regular basis to understand their concerns, technical and process wise
challenges, gaps and help them overcome those areas.
Design and Implementation of IIS 5.0, 6.0, IIS 7.0 and IIS 7.5 for Shared and Dedicated Environments.
Configured IIS for shared environments with Virtual Hosting mechanism (IP, Host Header and port).
Configured IIS Virtual directories, Application pools, SMTP servers, Authentication modes, SSL,
Scheduled jobs for periodic backups, web Garden.
Carried out upgrades and Migration of applications from IIS 5 (W2k) to IIS 6.0 (W2k3) and IIS 6.0 (W2k3)
to IIS 7.5 (W2k8)
Worked with Microsoft to analyze Debug Diagnostic reports for memory leaks and High CPU utilization
issues.
Implementation of VB Scripts and scheduled jobs for repeated tasks like Logs retention, deployments and
IIS backups.
Implemented CA Wily Introscope Monitoring tool to find Memory leaks, find applications which cause
instability to shared environments.
Installed and Configured WLS, WAS in Standalone and Clustered implementations for Shared and
Dedicated environments.
Installed Glassfish (2.x and 3.x) servers in Standalone and Clustered implementations for Shared and
Dedicated environments.
Installed JBOSS, Tomcat application servers for Shared and Dedicated environments.
Installed Oracle Iplanet, Apache Web servers for plain Reverse proxy, plugins like mod_jk and Weblogic
plugin in Intranet and DMZ environments.
Deployed various types of application packages including JAR, WAR and EAR files. Design, implement,
and manage server clustering and maintenance of connections pools and ejbs.
Implemented JMS / MQ (queues, connection factories, sub deployments, JSM servers) on Weblogic and
Glassfish.
Automated start and stop scripts using Shell scripting and Weblogic Scripting Tool (WLST)
Assist development team in activities such as load testing, troubleshooting and performance tuning.
Authored Documentation includes Technical Architecture Diagrams (TAD), Component Design
Specifications (CDS), Installation and Configurations, Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and Process.
Execution and evaluation of auditing processes and procedures to ensure IT policy and security best
practices are being followed within an organization
Creation and upkeep of documentation for business continuity (technical) and employee reference (nontechnical)

Kranthi Bheema
kranthikbheema@gmail.com
Contact (Cell): (262) 422-7843






Ensured to have proper documentation and those are updated from time to time for all activities like
deployments, creating scheduled jobs, Installation of IIS, creating Websites, virtual directories, SMTP, Disk
Quotas, application pools creation.
Provide work around for repeated incidents and then work towards a permanent fix after Root cause
Analysis (RCA).
Identifying the security vulnerabilities and applying corrective hot fixes as recommended by Microsoft on a
periodic basis.
Ensure Change, Incident and problem tickets are updated and closed appropriately.

Nettlinx Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad, India

May 2005 – March 2007

Systems Engineer:








Updated the Site with the latest versions of CDAT tool and posting the success stories of SCON to the site.
Provided support (Voice, Email and chat) for CDAT (consolidation tool) for customers to IBM.
Worked on various SCON proposals on the information provided by the client and gave them consolidation
solutions on the existing infrastructure.
Worked on IBM Blade Center, starting from the Management Module.
Installed and implemented VMWARE-ESX 3.0.1 on the Blade Center.
Created Virtual Machines and deployed Operating Systems on to the VM’s.
Administered Microsoft IIS 5.0 web servers hosting over 800 virtual domains, FTP and SMTP services
on Windows platform including configuration, security, and permissions.



Responsible to create websites on Apache, IIS, Tomcat.



Responsible to take schedule back up for all Web servers/Database servers.



Performing backup of the data/ files and file systems and restoring whenever necessary and for disaster
recovery.



Monitoring and maintenance the system performance and tuning.



Maintained daily and weekly reports on various projects and overall systems health status.



Migrated applications from W2k – W2k3 (IIS 5.0 to IIS 6.0).



Migrated applications from Standalone servers to Virtual Machines.



Configured web servers (IIS, Apache, and Tomcat on Windows Family).



Administered Remote access server Assisted with monitoring, testing, and servicing the network and
general computer information systems.



Monitoring servers using Servers alive Tool.



Troubleshot hardware and software issues with various hardware and software upgrades.



Administration of Co-location servers, dedicated servers and Virtual servers.

\n
Nigel Wheeler

5319 Thyme Ln.

Baytown, TX.  77521

Telephone: 346-222-0295

Email: nigelwheeler2000@gmail.com



 









Summary:

		Over 14 years of experience in DCS Controls Systems Programming with Process Controls and Field Instrumentation Integration, Technical & Design; in the Polymer, Petrochemical, Natural Gas, Food & Drug and Refining Industries including in-plant assignments. My roles have been an I&E Lead Designer, Senior Designer, DCS Process Controls Specialist on many small in-plant I/E packages to large grass-root engineering and construction packages that included power, lighting, grounding, instruments and DCS Upgrades. Efficient with personal computers and the following software programs:  AutoCAD, Intools SmartPlant (minor design due to facility/s recent acquisitions), Windows NT, Microsoft Office, Excel, Specmaster and various instrument sizing programs.  My career was spent in the field as an Instrumentation Technician, which advance my role as a Maintenance Instrumentation Designer and DCS Controls System Specialist where I was involved in controls and programming projects.  For the past 5 plus years I have been mostly in Process Controls. 

 

         Experience with the following DCS Programming systems for Engineering, Field and Process Optimization: Honeywell TDC 3000 and Experian, Delta V 8.3 – 12.2, SCADA Systems Wonderware v 7.0/8.0, pre-commissioning and commissioning inputs and outputs, OPTO 22, Emerson Field bus, Modbus / Modicon, Provox, Allen Bradley Control Logixs / Links 5.0., ABB, Allen Bradley SLC 5/05-5/80 PLC’s, Valtek valves w/5000-6000 smart positioners, Fisher Controllers 4210-4211-4212 positioners, Rosemount 1151, 3051, 3044, 3144, 3211, 3244, 3095 MV’s, Merian Handheld programmers, Hart Handheld programmers, E&H Meters and Radars, Triconex, Honeywell 3000 Smart Transmitters and MV’s, applied Automation.

SAP Instrument / Electrical Planning and scheduling.  

 









Professional and Project Experience:



2/2014 – Present	Preferred Engineering.			Nassau Bay.  TX

			Control Systems Specialist	



11/2011 – 2/2014	Contech Controls Services.		       Laporte.  TX

			Controls Systems Specialist	 



3/2010 – 11/2010	EnGlobal Engineering.			  Beaumont.  TX

			Controls Commissioning Specialist

     

Responsible for configuration, programming, designing, developing and commissioning control systems 

Assigned the tasks of developing automated control systems like equipment and programmable logic controllers

Process control and safety instrumented system assignments

Calculating, assigning the assignment of field devices to be implemented for RFQ’s  

Ensured compliance with regulations as well as developed new business proposals 

Handled the responsibilities of developing hardware architecture like sensors, CPU's, I/O, and cabling 

Responsible for solving system problems and managing the operation of systems 

Performed other related tasks as assigned under the instructions of Senior Control System Engineer

Researched and documented requirements for completion of small projects.  This includes Instrument specification sheets, bills of materials and complete written description of how to assemble, complete many various projects.

Utilized AutoCAD software



6/2008 – 1/2010	Amerapex Engineering. 			 Houston. TX   

			Instrumentation / Electrical Designer





12/2007 - 6/2008	Houston Controls Inc.  			Deer Park.  TX.   

			IE Designer / Controls Specialist

Process control and safety instrumented system assignments

Calculating, assigning the assignment of field devices to be implemented for RFQ’s  

Ensured compliance with regulations as well as developed new business proposals 

Handled the responsibilities of developing hardware architecture like sensors, CPU's, I/O, and cabling 

Responsible for solving system problems and managing the operation of systems 

Perform PLC programming and startups for Control Systems

Perform Control panel testing.

Perform FAT and SAT coordination.

Office and Onsite projects

I/O loop designer and configuration via AutoCAD software.

	

4/2007 – 12/2007	Turner Industries Group.			Deer Park.  TX  

			Maintenance Supervisor

Maintenance department Supervisor

Daily maintenance planner and scheduler

Coordinate with the Production group and HSE on Projects, Audits and Schedule outage.

Manager 0f a 60 individuals stage.  Which includes craft foremans and lead individuals.



9/2006 - 4/2007	Mundy Company.  				            Pasadena.  TX   

                                       Instrumentation Designer / Technician

                                                                 

11/2005 - 9/2006 	Syngenta Inc.					La Porte, TX  

			Instrumentation Controls System Designer / Technician

	

1/1998 - 2/2005	Austin Industrial				Pasadena.  TX

			Instrumentation Technician / Planner Scheduler

Process control and safety instrumented system assignments

Handled the responsibilities of developing hardware architecture like sensors, CPU's, I/O, and cabling 

Responsible for solving system problems and managing the operation of systems 

Perform PLC programming and startups for Control Systems

Perform Control panel testing.

I/O loop designer and configuration via AutoCAD software.



	

PROJECT CAPABILITIES

HMI Applications

Commissioning and Start up

Networking

Procurement/Expediting

Functional Design Specification

Training

Controls Systems Configuration















SKILL SUMMARY



Industrial Processes

Platforms

Programming

Other Skill Areas

Refinery O&G,

Delta V

Delta V

Windows OS

Chemical, 

Experian PKS

Siemens

AutoCAD 

Food and Drug

TDC 3000

Rockwell

Microsoft Office

Commercial



GE 

Allen Bradley



Microsoft Projects













Education:



2002-2004		Lee College				Baytown.  TX

			Associate of Applied Science (AAS)

				Instrumentation Technology

				Computer Aided Drafting and Design Engineering   

Fieldbus/Profibus Certification

				PLC programming Certification

				GE, Allen Bradley, Siemens, OPTO 22

				 

			National Center for Construction Education Research (NCCER)

				Level I   Certification

				Level II Certification

				Level III Certification

				Level IV Certification

				Applied Automation Maxum Training

		            Associated Builders Contractors Apprenticeship Training.



2014 – Present		Lee college				Baytown.  TX

			Control and Instrumentation Engineering Technology.

			(BS program; In Progress now)



References available upon request.\n
Yeshwanth Singh 

Contact: 913-549-1272

			   Email: yeshwanthsingh01@outlook.com 



PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY	



Around 7+ years of IT industry experience with Five years in WebLogic Sever 7.x/8.x/9.x/10.x/11g/12cAdministration/Development/Deployment and other Servers (IBM WebSphere 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, 8.5.5, IBM HTTP Server, Tomcat, Apache Server, iPlanet). 

Expertise in Installation, Configuration, Trouble-Shooting and Maintenance of WebLogic Server 7.0/8.1/9.x/10.x/11g/12c,IBM WebSphere Server 7.0/ 8.0/ 8.5/ 8.5.5, JBOSS 6.0/7/7.1, iPlanet Web Server, Apache Web Server on different UNIX/Windows flavors and environments.

Experience in Maintaining WebLogic Server on different UNIX and Windows platforms and setting up the Development, Testing and Production environments.

Deploying J2EE Application archives (JAR, WAR, EAR and RAR) and Web-Based/E-Commerce on Web Logic Application Server and JBOSS 6.x/7.x.

Configured and administered JDBC connection pools.

Experience with Apache Webserver 2.2/2.4 and Tomcat 7.0/ 8.0.

Installed and configured Apache Web Servers in various environments.

Deployed applications on multiple WebLogic Servers and maintained Load balancing, High Availability and Fail over functionality.

Experienced in applying patches and plug-ins for WebLogic Application Server.

Extensive experience in finding the Memory Leaks and adjusting the JVM Heap Sizes, using the Optimize IT and Jprobe.

Working knowledge of JBOSS 6.x/7.x and exposure to distributed queuing architectures.

Extensive experience in configuring and managing secured environments using SSL and digital certificates.

Experienced in J2EE (JSP, Servlets, EJB, JNDI, JMS), Java1.7, JDBC, Java Beans, RMI, JavaScript, XML, HTML, SQL, C# ASP.NET.

Working knowledge of IBM MQ Series, Siteminder.

Excellent understanding of installation, application deployment, monitoring and maintenance of Apache Webserver 2.2/2.4 and Tomcat 7.0/8.0on UNIX/Windows environments.

Extensive experience in troubleshooting by using Thread Dumps for WebLogic/JBOSS server issues.

Varied experience in Clustering (both horizontal and vertical), Workload management, creation and maintenance of Domains, Nodes and Managed Servers instances in a WebLogic and WebSphere server environments.

Good working experience in server side Java Programming using J2EE technologies - Servlets, Applets, JSP, JDBC, RMI, JNDI, EJB.

Good working knowledge on Oracle Enterprise in Linux/Windows OS environments.

Experience in Ticketing tools like HP PPMC and Production monitoring tools like HP M360, Oracle EM and http analyzer tools.

Good understanding of Load Balancing using F5, Siteminder and DNS.

Good business understanding, Networking skills and Application work flows.

Expertise in writing UNIX Shell Scripts (KSH), WLST.

Strong troubleshooting skills in WebLogic Application Server platforms.

Experience managing multiple concurrent tasks and projects.

Responsible in providing 24x7 on-call supports for product delivery platforms and application troubleshooting and problem resolution, including managing, escalating, scheduling and reporting corrective actions.

Ability to focus on complex tasks and to understand interaction of this technology area with parts of the infrastructure.

Experienced in installing Certificates on various Web Servers and WebLogic Application Server Platforms.

Technically competent person for the technology in a particular area.

Customer focus to ensure quality and timely responses.

Strong & effective communication skills.





TECHNICAL EXPERTISE



Operating Systems

Solaris, Red Hat LINUX, HP-UX, IBM-AIX, Windows 98/2000/NT/XP/Win7/Win8

Programming Languages

C, C++, JAVA/J2EE, SQL, PL-SQL, C# ASP .NET

Application Server

WebLogic Server 8.1 (sp3 – sp6), 9.2MP2 & 10.0/10.3, 11g, 12c Apache Tomcat 6.x, 7.x, 8.x JBOSS 6.x/7.x, WebSphere 7.0,8.0,8.5, 8.5.5

Web Server

Apache 2.2, 2.4 Sun ONE 6.x, IBM-HTTP Server

J2EE Technologies

Servlets, JSP, JDBC, RMI, JMS, JTA, JNDI, JMX, EJB, Applets and swing components, AWT

Web Technologies

JDK 1.7,1.8, HTML, XML, DHTML, MSXML, ASPX, PHP

Scripting Languages

WLST, UNIX Shell Scripting (Bourne, Korn, C and Bash), Perl Scripting

Monitoring Tools

Wily Introscope, JMeter, JConsole, Mercury Load Runner, Grinder, Samurai, AppDynamics, Splunk.

Databases

Oracle 8i/9i/10g, 11g, 12c, MS SQL Server 8.x/2000, Sybase, Pointbase, My SQL, MS Access and DB2

Networking & Protocols

TCP/IP, Telnet, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, SNMP, LDAP, DNS, DHCP   





EXPERIENCES

	



Client: UPS – New Jersey			   		      	      		      April 2014- Current

Role: Sr. WebLogic/Middleware Engineer

RESPONSIBILITIES

Installed, deployed, monitored, maintained and configured WebLogic server 9.x/10.x/11g/12c using graphic, console and silent mode in UNIX/Windows systems.

Configured web logic Node Manager for running managed servers.

Used config.xml file wizard extensively to create and manage WebLogic domains.

Experience in Installation, Configuration, Deployment and Management of web and enterprise applications on WebLogic Servers.

Administered WebLogic server and Apache Tomcat 5.5 involving 20+ Java Applications.

Automated the Deployment process of various WAR, JAR, and EAR applications in clustered environment using WLST scripts.

Configured connection pools and Data sources for WebLogic 8.x/9.x/10.x/11g, JBOSS4.x/5.x/6.x, and SJSAS 9.1 application servers with backend Oracle 9i/10g/11g RAC DB’s.

Used WLST to get run-time parameters. Generated and analyzed Heap dump and Thread dump. Monitored WebLogic performance using Wily Introscope.

Involved in monitoring error logs, troubleshooting and fixing the problems.

Deployed ATOM extension on all WebLogic admin servers/consoles for managing atom components- properties, reloadable caches, locating class path resources.

Configured JDBC and JMS Queues in WebLogic 9.2/10.3, JBOSS4.x/5.x/6.xEAP



Configured domains, clusters, JDBC Connection Pools, Data sources, JMS Servers.

Deployed the applications in formats of WAR, JAR, and EAR in different WebLogic versions.

Worked on upgrading JDK versions, also WebLogic servers from lower versions of 9.x, 10.x to 12c making sure all the applications are running after performing upgrade task.

Performed upgrade task of OES client from 11gR1 to 11gR2.

Involved in application migration from older server environments to newer server environments providing high availability and accessibility.

Successfully decommissioned older applications and servers from all test and production environments.

Performed WebLogic server administration tasks like configuring Managed servers and setup cluster environment.

Set up Wily for monitoring, notification, root cause analysis and data reporting.

Involved in quarterly disaster recovery sessions and supported the applications making sure they run smoothly before and after the checkouts and traffic migration.

Installed JBOSS web server 1.x and configured with JBOSS EAP 6.0 for load balancing.

Created SSL certificates for JBOSS4.x/5.x/6.x. 

Provided online and on-call support during application go-live timeframe. Also involved in troubleshooting during such times.

Automated WAR deployment procedure in production environment running on JBOSS EAP 6.x using UNIX shell script.

Prepared documentation concerning the new applications giving system/project overview, topology of test-prod environments, directory structure, application architecture, monitoring and management details, troubleshooting steps. Also Environment matrix sheet listing hostnames, cluster name, domains, OS, WebLogic and Java version, console URLs, application and WebLogic log path.

Used Winscp and FTP for secure file transfer. Used beyond Compare for text comparison.



ENVIRONMENT: WebLogic Server9.x/10.x/11.x/12.x, JBOSS 4.x/5.x/6.x, JDK 1.4/1.5/1.6/1.7/1.8,  

 JRockit, Apache 2.x,Tomcat 7.0/8.0, Sun One/ iPlanet, IIS 6, Solaris 8, 9, Red Hat, LINUX 6.5 

 Santiago,Windows 2007, F5 Load balancer, Siteminder, Nagios, JMX, Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11g, 12c, 

 JDBC, LDAP, subversion, EJB, JSP, Servlets, XML, MS Office, OpenSSL, Secure SSH, Winscp, FTP, 

Beyond Compare.







Client: ELAVON – Atlanta, GA                          			         Apr 2013 – March 2014                                            

Role: Sr. WebLogic Administrator                                                            

RESPONSIBILITIES

Installed and configured WebLogic Application server 8.x/9.x/10.x/11x using graphic, console and silent mode and configured the WebLogic domain.

Determined and suggested hardware and software specific to the System and customized it.

Configured Node Manager for running managed servers.

Installed and configured JBOSS 5.1/6.0, Apache Tomcat 6.0on different environments like Dev, Test, QA and Production.

Installed and configured Apache HTTP Server 2.0, Tomcat 7.0, IIS and Sun One Web Servers in various environments Installed and configured plug-in for Apache HTTP server and Sun One Web server to proxy the request for WebLogic server.

Experience in analyzing the proxy server log in comparison with WebLogic logs to narrow down the malformed request.

Deployment and troubleshooting of JAR, WAR, and EAR files on both stand alone and clustered environment in JBOSS 5.1/6.0, WebLogic 8.x/9.x/10.x and Apache tomcat 6.0.

Performed migration and Upgradation tasks like upgrading WebLogic server 9.x/10.x to WebLogic11.xand updating JDK’s and installing service packs and patches for WebLogic Server.

Worked on Oracle Fusion 11g architecture making most of the investment in applications.

Installed, configured and administered JBOSS 6.0 server in various environments.

Used centralized configuration for multiple servers in JBOSS domain mode.

Experienced in Batch-Scripting for automating and reducing the time taken for everyday tasks.

Worked on IBM MQ series to provide proper communication between applications on different platforms enabling visualization and automation of business processes.

Deployed web and enterprise applications on JBoss application server.

Troubleshooting everyday problems in WebLogic Application Server and issues by interacting with developer and testing teams and provided 24x7 On Call Production support on rotation basis.

Used Nagios to identify and resolve IT infrastructure problems in various components including applications, services, servers and network protocols.

Deployed various J2EE and enterprise applications (WAR, JAR, RAR, EAR) on WebLogic managed servers and cluster environment and maintained Load Balancing, High Availability and Failover.

Created BASH and KSH scripts to monitor domains, recycle clusters, monitor disk space, monitor number of Apache connections, and run them as Cron jobs for timely running programs Configured JNDI as repository for EJB Home stubs, JDBC data source, JMS connection factories, queues and topics.

Configured and administered JDBC Connection pools/multi pools/ data sources on WebLogic Server.

Also responsible for installing and configuring third party software necessary to test products such as Apache Server.

Installing of HTTP Plugins for Apache, iPlanet and Microsoft IIS.

Involved in monitoring error logs, troubleshooting and fixing the problems.

Handled Memory issues, such as application leak, WebLogic leak and sun java bug by tuning and profiling memory with third party tools.

Implemented security by configuring Secured Socket Layer (SSL) for client authentication and data encryption.

Configured LDAP server using Sun One Directory server for user authentication.

Configure Siteminder with Web servers.

Configure F5 load balancer with Web servers. Used F5 to capacity, performance and reliability of the applications.

Used OIM for access management, directory services, decision making and strengthening security.

Developed and run UNIX shell scripts and implemented auto deployment process.

Solved server hang issues such as Deadlock, Application and Database level lock by taking thread dump and analyzed to get the root cause of the hang.

Set up Wily for monitoring, notification, root cause analysis and data reporting.

Performance monitoring and JVM Heap size and EJB monitoring using Wily Introscope and Load testing using Mercury Load Runner and JMeter with Thread and Heap analysis Using Samurai thread dump.

Used Subversion (SVN) to maintain present and historical source code versions and documentation.

TDA and Heap Analyzer for detecting blocking and locked threads.

Used HP OpenView for managing applications, network conditions and status across the platform.

Implemented standard backup procedures for both application and WebLogic server.

Involved in assisting QA team in Load and Integration testing of J2EE applications on WebLogic Server and resolved complex issues.

Involved in a team to design a strategy and well organized planning in data center migration using TDS.

ENVIRONMENT: WebLogic Application Server 8.x/9.x/10.x,11x JDK 1.4/1.51.6/1.7, JBoss (5.1, 6.0),  

JRockit 8x, Apache 2. x, Tomcat 7.x/8.x, Sun One/ iPlanet, IIS 6, Solaris 8/9, Red Hat LINUX, Windows 2007, F5 Load balancer, Siteminder, Nagios, JMX, Oracle 8i/9i, JDBC, Subversion, EJB,JSP, Servlets, XML, MS Office, Open SSL, Secure SSH.







Client: EXXONMOBIL, Houston, TX							       Jan 2012 – Mar 2013

Role: Middleware/WebLogic Administrator/Production Support

RESPONSIBILITIES

Deployed the applications on WebLogic Servers10.x/11g and maintained Load balancing, high availability and Failover functionalities.

Configure Clustering EJB objects, JDBC connections and JMS connection factories.

Configured Node manager to administer the Managed servers.

Supported on call schedule for Production Support.

	Maintained BEA Web Logic Application Server, JBoss AS 5.1/6, IIS 6/7, WebSphere 6.1, and Tomcaton different UNIX platforms and windows platforms and have setup development, testing, staging and production environments for the ongoing application development.

Deployed the applications like formats of WAR, JAR, and EAR in WebLogic 11g/ 10.x.

Configuring and Administering JDBC, JMS, JNDI in WebLogic Server 11g. 

Install, configure and administer BEA WebLogic Server 11g in various environments.

Install and configure Apache Web Server in various environments.

Configure and administered of WebLogic server with Oracle 11gdatabase.

Configuration and administration of Connection pools for JDBC connections. 

Used configuration wizard and configuration builder extensively to create and manage   WebLogic domains.

Setting up the cluster environment for WebLogic Server integrated with multiple workflows.

Used Oracle Fusion for development, deployment and management of SOA suite

Involved in doing a performance benchmark of WebLogic server by using Load Runner.

Used Nagios to provide centralized view of IT infrastructure and help with status information, detection of infrastructure outages, automatic restart of failed applications and services and overall monitoring reporting.

Installed, configured and administered JBOSS 5.0 server in various environments.

Used JBOSS framework to support the development and implementation of applications

Configured and deployed applications in various work environments like Development, System Test and Production.

Research and Troubleshooting of emerging application issues, from WebLogic configuration to code issues.

	Migrated Applications between JBoss and WebLogic Application servers.

Used Batch-Processing to avoid idling computing resources and keeping high rate of utilization and shift the time of job processing

Developed ANT build scripts, UNIX shell scripts and auto deployment process.

Configure JNDI server as repository for EJB Home stubs, JDBC data source, JMS connection factories, queues and topics. 

Applying the patches to the WebLogic servers.

Configured F5 Load Balancer Implemented standard backup procedures for both application and WebLogic. 

Testing and profiling to measure the performance of the applications.

Used alfresco content management for web, documents, records and content development.

Conducted performance and scalability audits of applications and the application servers.

Integrating and managing solutions with IIS, iPlanet LDAP, and Directory Smart single sign-on. 

Problem determination using local error logs and by running user traces and service traces.

Documenting design procedures and test plans.

ENVIRONMENT: JDK1.6/1.7, J2EE, JRockit, JSP, Servlets, EJB, Jboss 5.x, LDAP, JDBC, XML, Oracle9i, WebLogic Server 8.1, Win2K, AIX, Solaris, Linux, OIM, Alfresco, subversion.







Client: Saber Holding, Dallas, TX   		                    		                 Oct 2010 - Dec 2011

Role: WebLogic Administrator 

RESPONSIBILITIES

Involved in migration of WebLogic server from WebLogic 10.3 to WebLogic 11g.

Installation, Administration and Configuration of WebLogic Application Server 10.3/11g with backend like DB2, Oracle 10g RAC, Sybase Gateway, IBM MQ, Web Methods and other local system.

Installation and configuration of Apache and SunONE (iPlanet) Web Server including SSL configuration and proxy plug-in for application server.

Writing Ant/WLST/Jython script to stop/start WebLogic servers/cluster, deployment of code.

Manually performed J2EE application deployment using WebLogic console and administration including JAR, WAR, and EAR files.

Configuring Web services in WebLogic server for remote application access of SOAP calls to other application in different domain.

Created WebLogic Domains with Clustered Managed Server for Development/QA/Performance/Production/Disaster Recovery environment and maintaining domains for different Project for each environment.

Developed and maintained UNIX shell scripts that monitors and zip the log files for BEA WebLogic 10.3/11g.

Created Cronjobs with UNIX shell scripts for Monitoring of various WebLogic attributes for Production Servers which helps to send Alert through emails as well as to Pagers.

Coordinating with network team to configure Cisco Load Balancer for request distribution to apache web layer.

Involved in Performance Testing and tuning of WebLogic server with respect to heap, execute queue, Work Manager and load management in a cluster, threads and connection pools and also solving issues with applications during the Performance test.

Involved in partial setup of Wily Introscope, installing Wily Agent on WebLogic servers and creating dashboard for monitoring CPU usage and WebLogic statistic.

Had to co-ordinate with WebLogic Portal team for the frontend application portal setup. Trouble shooting any issue with Portal team and make sure applications are launching properly from the portal page.

Installed and configured BEA Guardian 1.0 on Windows Server 2003 to trouble shoot issue with WebLogic Domain configurations.

Make myself available to application architect to provide WebLogic infrastructure support and creating WebLogic Portal as frontend and other application installed on WebLogic Server as backend calls.

Was involved in Migration for connection pool drivers for DB2 from Type-2 to Type-4.

Was involved with upgrading Sybase connection pool driver from version 2 to version 3.

Coordinating with Autosys group to help them to prepare jil files which can be used for automatic controlling of WebLogic Production domains.

Working with infrastructure team to deliver environments for each project release on time.

Used alfresco content management system for virtualizing Webapps and static sites via Apache Tomcat.

Involved in Disaster Recovery events testing and making sure Disaster Recovery environment is well available in case Production environment has any issues.

Comfortable with IBM MQ 6.0 use in WebLogic 10.3/11g as foreign JMS configuration.

Involved in connectivity setup for applications between WebLogic and WebSphere server.

Maintaining code and configuration file in version management tool like ClearCase.

Opening and assigning application defect to appropriate groups using HP Quality center tool.

Involved in trouble shooting production issues and opening case/ticket with Oracle/BEA for any critical issue.

Involved in creating SSL certs and renewing certificates for node manager and MQ.

Preparing documents for Production implementation for all Project releases.

Available as on call for Production support.

ENVIRONMENT: WebLogic Server 10.3/11g, Weblogic Portal, BEA Guardian 1.0, Solaris OS 8/10 ,Actuate Reporting, ,J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, LDAP, JDBC, XML, Oracle 8/10g, DB2, Ant1.5.1, Wily Introscope 7/7.2, Alfresco, Autosys 4.5, IBM ClearCase, Subversion, Siteminder Netegrity, NDM, Web Methods.





 

Client: BASF Corporation - Hyderabad, India 					       Mar 2009 - Sep 2010

Application Development/Support 

Responsibilities:

Installed and Configured WebLogic 8.1 Application Servers/WebLogic Integration, Domains, Clusters on AIX, Solaris and wrote shell scripts for automation of WebLogic startup, and for log maintenance.

Tuned the TCP-related parameters in Operating System Level to improve system performance and reduce dropped connections.

Configured and maintained WebLogic server with JDBC Connection Pool, JMS, JNDI, SNMP and J2EE Services. 

Used to interact with Development Teams for Application Architecture changes, with respective to WebLogic configurations.

Installed and configured Apache Tomcat and Sun ONE (iPlanet) Web Server.

Developed and maintained shell scripts that facilitate the Administration of BEA WebLogic.

Troubleshooting, Load balancing, Testing and Code Profiling to measure the performance of the various applications deployed in WebLogic Server.

Developed many shell scripts to automate the maintenance process of the WebLogic and recover the backed up WebLogic configuration.

Environment: WebLogic Server 8.1, Apache Tomcat, Sun One, J2EE, Web Services, LDAP, XML, AIX,       

                      Solaris, Windows, SQL Server.





EDUCATION:	B.Tech in computer science, 2010



REFERENCES	Available on request





Page | 5\n
KINGUE MENVOUTA 

Christine Rolande

Nationality: Cameroonian

Phone: (+86) 17857097319

E-mail: chroll13@hotmail.com

education

	2015 – 2017		 MBA

		Zhejiang Normal University in Zhejiang Province, city Jinhua, Country China



2012 – 2013	Fifth year – Master of network and telecommunication 

E.S.T.E.M in Casablanca (Morocco) 



2011 – 2012	Fourth Year – Fourth Year of network and telecommunication

		ESTEM	 - Casablanca (Morocco)



	2009 – 2010	Third Year – Bachelor of network and security

		ISTDI	Douala (Cameroon)



	2008 – 2009	Second year – Aided Programming for Internet

		ISTDI	Douala (Cameroon)



	2007 – 2008 	First – NTIC 

		ISTDI	Douala (Cameroon)



	2006 – 2007 	Scientific Baccalaureate

College Saint-Michel	Douala (Cameroon)



ABILITIES



	Programming environment: VBA, JAVA, JSP, PHP



Administration Network

Networking, Microsoft Server 2003, MySQL, ORACLE

MERISE, UML



Environment Telecommunications	

VOIP with free software ASTERISK

Communication satellite and mobile



Finance

Accounting

Corporate finance



Business

International trade and investment

Marketing

HR Management

Entrepreneurship



training



ORACLE 11g				April – December 2014	at		NIIT







WORK EXPERINCES

16 February to 01 September 2015:	

	Internship at TOTAL SENEGAL

Developing an application which can manage the process of validation of bills for department of accounting

Developing an application which classified cases which intervene on court and their status for the department of law



04 March to 04 July 2013:

Academic training at Top System Maghreb as Internship at VOIP Service Integrator (Casablanca, Morocco) working in:

Installation and implementation of an IP telephony server

Creating a PHP interface for managing brand SNOM phones (VOIP phones)





01 March to 23 March 2012:

Academic training at COMPUFIRST distribution SARL as Internship IT staff (Douala, Cameroon) working in:

computer equipment Maintenance

Setting up a remote network equipment management tool



February 2011 – June 2011:

Internship at Total Cameroun S.A as Internship IT staff (Douala, Cameroon) working in:

network Equipment monitoring (for external application servers, network printers, backup servers)

Implementation of a file management tool and accounting operations



January 2010 – July 2010:

Academic training at Matrix Telecoms as teleoperator network (Douala, Cameroon) working in:

Monitoring of network accounts

Monitoring the states of connections, radio links and QoS



June 2009 – July 2009:

Academic training at AES SONEL KOUMASSI (Cameroonian electricity company) as Internship in the DATA service Management (Douala, Cameroon) working in:

Checking the storage accounts

Establish an application facilitating the management of its accounts

languages



French : excellent

English : fair

extra - curricular



Reading Business Investment, news and Novels

Hi-Tech\n
Gaurav Hegde
4316,Rowalt Drive,#101 ■ College Park,MD,20740 ■ 2403302382 ■ gaurav.hegde@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Aug 2015- Dec 2016
Master of Science (MS) Focus Area: Information Systems; GPA-3.4
Relevant Courses: Decision Analytics, Big Data, Data Mining & Predictive Analysis using R, Business Process Analysis, Database
Base Management Systems, Data Models & Decision, Managing Digital Marketing
Fr. C. Rodrigues Institute of Technology, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science; GPA-3.6

Aug 2008- May 2012

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND RELEVANT PROJECTS
Information Technology Intern- BerkleyNet Underwriters, W.R Berkley Corporation, Virginia
May 2016- Aug 2016
 Extracted data using JQL and created dashboards in JIRA to get trends of issues encountered in various releases
 Analyzed and visualized data using pivot tables and charts to understand resource allocation and work load in the team
 Customized SQL queries in WINSQL to get insights on various policies and quotes being created for various states in USA
 Administered deployment for development and integration environments using IBM Web Sphere along with running data fix scripts,
thus reducing work load for software developers and increasing productivity by 10%
 Developed test suite for automation testing and ran automation scripts using Eggplant to create policies and quotes for customers
Software Quality Analyst- Financial Services Technologies Inc. (FSTI)
Nov 2012- Jun 2015
 Followed the Agile methodology by breaking requirements into user stories and prioritizing them in JIRA
 Suggested Change Requests based on the compatibility and expectations of end users with a V-model approach
 Executed SQL join queries to fetch various data and analyze data points to ensure defect free deliverables to clients; contrived
test scenarios on test-techniques like Boundary Value Analysis & Equivalence Partitioning in QC
 Evaluated all regression functionalities by using UML diagrams and prepared functional test cases ; executed test scripts to avoid
warranty defects thus ensuring a Customer Satisfaction Index of ‘4.0’
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Product Owner for Business Process Analysis- Healthy Futures through Sports Program



Feb 2016- May 2016

Extracted requirements from Madieu Williams Foundation for developing an online website promoting healthy lifestyle for
people living in PG county; followed the agile methodology process with sprints every two weeks
Defined and prioritized customer centric user stories for the scrum team; actively added items to the product backlog

Big Data- Descriptive and Predictive Analysis on Amazon Fine Food Reviews
Mar 2016- May 2016
▪ Curated and organized 568,454 reviews from Amazon users and uploaded in Amazon Web Services (AWS) cluster
▪ Performed descriptive analysis using Pig commands and SQL queries on Hive to gather seasonal patterns of reviews
▪ Conceptualized a prediction model to understand the sentiment of reviewers using py-Spark and visualized the results
Data Mining and Predictive Analysis using R- Prediction of the US Primary Elections
 Visualized election trends, state-wise age demographics and voting inclinations using R-studio and Tableau
 Fitted regression models in R to classify election trends with linear, GLM, k-NN and Naïve Bayes algorithms.
 Computed misclassified points using ROC curve and plotting predicted probability against test set to get an accuracy of 84.2 %
Database Management System –Community Housing Management
 Designed a management system to maintain a community in a centralized manner using MySQL server
 Explored a variety of housing services using ERD diagrams and DDL , DML & DCL functions
LEADERSHIP & VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE

Aug 2015-Oct 2015

Aug 2015-Present

Vice President of External Relations- MS Professional Communications Club
 Conducted workshops like ‘Ace the Elevator Pitch’ and ‘Mock Career Fairs’ by connecting with influential IT executives and
alumni, helping students to gain valuable insights and enhancing their communications skills
Track Representative of the Cohort
 Empowered students to discuss issues and brought them to the attention of the MPO staff, faculty and administration
SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS





Analytical: Hadoop-Pig, Sqoop,Spark,Hive,Impala Advanced Excel, MySQL ,R Programming, Tableau, Amazon Web Services
Technical: IBM Bluemix, IBM Web Sphere, JIRA, Automation Testing tool: Selenium & Eggplant, HP- ALMS, HTML5, CSS
ISTQB Certification: Foundation Level Certification in Software Testing held by the Software Testing Board
National Stock Exchange of India Certification: Mutual Funds, Financial Market, Currency Derivative

\n
091115 



KEVIN M. MAGUIRE

11689 Crest Maple Drive

Woodbridge, VA 22192

(703) 878-7300

kmaguire54@gmail.com



____________________________________________________________________________



Qualifications Summary



Areas of Expertise: 



All aspects of Program and Project Management

Performance metrics development and collection

Systems, Processes and Data Analysis

Managing full lifecycle software development

Managing Firm Fixed Price projects 

Experience with Army Real Property and ISR services metrics

Experience with AGILE/Scrum software development methodology

Experience with data extraction, transformation and loading (ETL) 

Extensive staff experience and knowledge of the Army, HQDA, Joint Staff, Combatant Commands and Pentagon (designated Joint Specialty Officer)





Mr. Maguire’s specific skills include: Information systems design, development and maintenance of Web-based systems; data/metric collection and analysis; as well as the demonstrated ability to evaluate processes, to identify enhancements, and to implement improvements.  He has forty years of professional experience in government and private sector management and in program and management analyst positions. Seventeen years of experience supporting HQDA in the development, collection and analysis of Army Real Property metrics and Service performance metrics with the Installation Status Report (ISR) Program. Thirteen years of staff officer experience at senior-level Army and joint organizations, with an extensive knowledge of the dynamics and processes at work within DOD.  Three years of analytical and planning experience within the Army base closure arena.  He has demonstrated the ability to skillfully manage complicated projects that require coordination with multiple, diverse, and competing constituencies.

____________________________________________________________________________



Professional Experience



01/13- 4/30/15

CACI, Inc. 
Senior Program Manager (Technical)*



Responsible for all aspects of project management for CACI's support to the Army's Installation Status Report (ISR) Program.  Planned, executed and managed the ISR Program’s full lifecycle software systems development, maintenance and enhancement tasks.



Coordinated all ISRWeb (the system supporting ISR Program) changes with client and other stakeholders.  With client concurrence, developed and maintained the task prioritization list for each quarterly software update releases.   Managed the successful documentation (i.e. Release Notes) and delivery of over 120 enhancements for the ISRWeb.



Directed and participated in activities to identify and validate system requirements, develop software systems architecture, design database structures and application interfaces (GUI), and develop algorithms for use in system applications supporting the management and costing of installation/base support programs and initiatives.



Planned and managed the system's operational support of the deployed ISR solution (ISRWeb), with 8,000+ worldwide users.  Maintained, enhanced and updated the ISR Program website.



Supported the ISR Infrastructure component in the development, collection and analysis of metrics addressing the status of real property on Army installations.



Supported the ISR Services component in the development, collection and analysis of performance metrics addressing the readiness of activities on Army installations. 



Provided ISRWeb and ISR functional expertise within the ISR Support Team staff and to support ISR training events and the ISR Helpline. 



Routinely performed project planning and scheduling, as well as human resource and financial management.  Prepared Monthly Status Reports, and prepared and presented client briefings.  

 (* Re-titled due to CACI corporate reorganization.)




06/05 - 01/13

CACI, Inc. 
Line Director



Managed a professionals IT staff of 26 and annual revenues in excess of $8 million. Achieved the CACI marathon award with $20M in booking.



Directly managed projects as well as performed oversight of five subordinate program and project managers in support of work performed for Federal and local government and education clients. 



Managed support to Federal clients in the areas of full life-cycle software systems development, maintenance, and enhancement as well data analytical tasks (performance metrics).  Federal projects included the Army's Installation Status Report (ISR) Systems Support Program and two Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) projects.



Managed support to the local government/education clients in the areas of IT infrastructure, applications development and support, web hosting, and staff augmentation (with IT professionals).  Clients included the governments of Fairfax, Montgomery, Arlington and Baltimore counties, as well as the Fairfax County and Prince William County public schools.



Responsible for all aspects of project management for CACI's support to the Army's Installation Status Report (ISR) Program. Planned, executed and managed the ISR Program’s full lifecycle software systems development, maintenance and enhancement tasks.



Coordinated all ISRWeb (the system supporting ISR Program) changes with client and other stakeholders.  With client concurrence, developed and maintained the task prioritization list for each quarterly software update releases.   



Directed and participated in activities to identify and validate ISR system requirements, develop software systems architecture, design database structures and application interfaces (GUI), and develop algorithms for use in system applications supporting the management and costing of installation/base support programs and initiatives.



Planned and managed the system's operational support of the deployed ISR solution (ISRWeb), with 8,000+ worldwide users.  Maintained, enhanced and updated the ISR Program website. 

Provided ISRWeb and ISR functional expertise within the ISR Support Team staff and to support ISR training events and the ISR Helpline. 



Supervised the Program Manager of False Alarm Tracking and Billing System, which supports the Montgomery County Police Department.  



Routinely performed project planning and scheduling, as well as human resource and financial management.  Prepared Monthly Status Reports, and prepared and presented client briefings. 



06/00 - 06/05
CACI, Inc. 
Project Manager / Senior Project Manager


Responsible for all aspects of project management for CACI's support to the Army's Installation Status Report (ISR) Program.  Planned, executed and managed the ISR Program’s full lifecycle software systems development, maintenance and enhancement tasks.



Coordinated all ISRWeb (the system supporting ISR Program) changes with client and other stakeholders.  With client concurrence, developed and maintained the task prioritization list for each quarterly software update releases.  



Successfully directed and participated in activities to identify and validate system requirements, develop software systems architecture, design database structures and application interfaces (GUI), and develop algorithms for use in system applications supporting the management and costing of installation/base support programs and initiatives.



Successfully planned and managed the system's operational support of the deployed ISR solution (ISRWeb), with 8,000+ worldwide users.  Maintained, enhanced and updated the ISR Program website.



Successfully supported the ISR Infrastructure component in the development, collection and analysis of metrics addressing the status of real property on Army installations.



Successfully supported the ISR Services component in the development, collection and analysis of performance metrics addressing the readiness of activities on Army installations. 



Provided ISRWeb and ISR functional expertise within the ISR Support Team staff and to support ISR training events and the ISR Helpline. 



Routinely performed project planning and scheduling, as well as human resource and financial management.   Prepared Monthly Status Reports, and prepared and presented client briefings.  

Successfully participated in two Software Capabilities Evaluations (SCEs), which resulted in assessments as a CMM Level 3 organization.  

Successfully developed all of the documentation necessary to support the SCE (e.g., Software Development Plan, Requirements Management Plan, Configuration Management Plan, SQA Plan, etc.).

Successfully developed Software Test Plans to support internal and user acceptance testing of ISR applications.  

In 2001, successfully managed the ISR project’s adoption of the Microsoft .NET framework to migrate the client’s suite of seven Windows-based ISR applications to an integrated web-based ISR solution (ISRWEB), with a centralized database and a user-administered System Administration module. The ISR project was one of a select number of projects worldwide to be invited to participate in a Microsoft .NET early adopter 'First Wave' program.

Successfully proposed and managed 10 Delivery Orders, with a value of over $6.2M, meeting or exceeding the profit targets and meeting all deliverable milestones.




06/98 - 06/00

CACI, Inc. 

Systems Development Manager



Successfully executed the full life-cycle development, maintenance and enhancement activities for four ISR data entry software applications, as well as four ISR headquarters-level executive information system (EIS) applications. 



Successfully developed/validated ISR application requirements, software change requests and application user’s documentation; provided functional designs for application GUIs; performed database design/modifications; created test procedures and data sets; performed validation and integration testing; and managed the activities of the ISR development staff.




06/75-02/98
US Army Officer


As an Army Officer, Mr. Maguire served in a variety of command, project/program management and analyst positions in Army and Joint Service organizations ranging in size from small and intermediate size units up to Army headquarters (HQDA) and combatant command levels.  Served as Operations Officer and Planner in J3 (US Southern Command), Strategist and Political-Military Officer in J-5, US Forces/Korea, and Planner in J-7, The Joint Staff.  He performed successfully in positions of increasing responsibility in the planning, execution and analysis arenas at the tactical, operational, and strategic levels.  

______________________________________________________________________



Education and Training



Master of Arts – International Affairs
Catholic University of America, Washington, DC



Bachelor of Business Administration – Finance

Hofstra University, Hempstead, NY



Shipley Capture Manager Training



Capability Maturity Model (CMM/CMMI) (Level-3).  Completed all required CMM/CMMI training at CACI and as ISR Project PM successfully completed two independent external assessments as a Level-3 organization conducted by SEI-approved assessors.



____________________________________________________________________________



Awards



CACI Project Plus  (Excellence in Project Delivery)

CACI Marathon Award (Excellence in New Business acquisition)

CACI Encore Achiever (9 awards) (Excellence in Customer Service)

____________________________________________________________________________



Security Clearance



 Secret* (Based on DSS Background Investigation)



*Held Top Secret within past 24 months, which was administratively downgraded as it was no longer required.






____________________________________________________________________________



References



Charlie McQuillan

CACI

Senior Vice President

cmcquillan@caci.com



Michael Whitaker

CACI

Director-Line

mwhitaker@caci.com



Dennis Kennedy

CACI

Senior Program Manager

dkennedy@caci.com



Douglas McKay

CACI

Deputy Project Manager

domckay@caci.com



Roger Schleiden

Calibre Systems, Inc.

roger.schleiden@calibresys.com









6\n
8/4/2016	Unofficial Transcripts

	8/4/2016	Unofficial Transcripts

	8/4/2016	Unofficial Transcripts

Report Results

Return

 

Unofficial Transcript

Name      :  Brittani Thomas

Student ID:  

SSN       :  

Birthdate :  1993‐07‐31

Address   :  42247 Whittler Trl

             Novi, MI 48377

             United States

Bowie State University

Print Date   :  2016‐08‐04

              ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐   Beginning of Undergraduate Record   ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐

                                      Fall 2011

Program  : Arts & Sciences ‐ UGRD

Plan     : COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY‐BS Major

CTEC      114       Comp Tools & Environ              3.00     3.00 B        9.000

ENGL      100       English Usage & Mech              3.00     3.00 C        6.000

FRSE      101       Freshman Seminar                  3.00     3.00 A       12.000

HEED      102       Life And Health                   3.00     3.00 A       12.000

         TERM GPA :     3.250      TERM TOTALS :     12.00    12.00         39.000

         CUM  GPA :     3.250      CUM  TOTALS :     12.00    12.00         39.000

                    Good Academic Standing

                                      Sprg 2012

Program  : Arts & Sciences ‐ UGRD

Plan     : COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY‐BS Major

ART       230       Intro To Comp Graphics            3.00     3.00 A       12.000

COMM      101       Oral Communications               3.00     3.00 A       12.000

ENGL      101       Expository Writing                3.00     3.00 B        9.000

MATH       99       Transition to College Math        4.00     4.00 C        8.000

         TERM GPA :     3.154      TERM TOTALS :     13.00    13.00         41.000          CUM  GPA :     3.200      CUM  TOTALS :     25.00    25.00         80.000

                                      Fall 2013

Program  : Arts & Sciences ‐ UGRD

Plan     : COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY‐BS Major

CTEC      214       Client Operating Systs            4.00     4.00 C        8.000

ENGL      102       Argument and Research             3.00     3.00 C        6.000

MATH      150       Honors Precalculus                4.00     4.00 C        8.000

SPAN      201       Second Year Spanish               3.00     3.00 A       12.000

Transfer Credit from Western Michigan University

Applied Toward Arts & Sciences ‐ UGRD Program

ANTH      301       Peoples/Cultrs Of Africa          3.00     3.00 T

BIOL      205       Biology Envrmntl. Pollu.          3.00     3.00 T

HIST      360       Survey African Civil              3.00     3.00 T

PHIL      206       Survey Of World Religion          4.00     4.00 T

SPAN      101       First Year Spanish I              4.00     4.00 T

SPAN      102       First Year Spanish II             4.00     4.00 T

TCOM      101       Transfer Comm Elective            3.00     3.00 T

TCOM      201       Tranfer Comm Elective             3.00     3.00 T

  Course Trans GPA:     0.000  Transfer Totals :     27.00    27.00          0.000

         TERM GPA :     2.429      TERM TOTALS :     14.00    14.00         34.000

         CUM  GPA :     2.923      CUM  TOTALS :     39.00    66.00        114.000

                    Good Academic Standing

                                      Sprg 2014

Program  : Arts & Sciences ‐ UGRD

Plan     : COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY‐BS Major

COSC      112       Computer Science I                4.00     4.00 A       16.000

CTEC      302       Computer Networking               3.00     0.00 D

     Repeated     : Repeated ‐ Excluded from Statistics

HIST      114       Afro‐Amer Hist To 1865            3.00     3.00 B        9.000

PHSC      100       Physical Science                  4.00     4.00 B       12.000

SPAN      202       Second Year Spanish II            3.00     3.00 A       12.000

         TERM GPA :     3.500      TERM TOTALS :     17.00    14.00         49.000

         CUM  GPA :     3.075      CUM  TOTALS :     56.00    80.00        163.000

                    Good Academic Standing

                                      Fall 2014

Program  : Arts & Sciences ‐ UGRD

Plan     : COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY‐BS Major

COSC      113       Computer Science II               4.00     4.00 C        8.000

CTEC      294       Pc Architectures                  3.00     3.00 B        9.000

CTEC      345       Found of Comp and Network         3.00     3.00 B        9.000

SPAN      301       Span Conversat And Comp           3.00     3.00 A       12.000 CTEC      302       Computer Networking               3.00     3.00 B        9.000

     Repeated     : Repeated ‐ Included in Stats

ENGL         PRO    Engl Proficiency Exam                      0.00 PS

         TERM GPA :     2.938      TERM TOTALS :     16.00    16.00         47.000

         CUM  GPA :     3.043      CUM  TOTALS :     72.00    96.00        210.000

                    Good Academic Standing

                                      Sprg 2015

Program  : Arts & Sciences ‐ UGRD

Plan     : COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY‐BS Major

COSC      208       Discrete Structures               3.00     3.00 C        6.000

COSC      214       Data Struct & Algorithms          4.00     4.00 B       12.000

CTEC      222       Unix Operating Systems            3.00     3.00 B        9.000

CTEC      402       Software and OS Security          3.00     3.00 A       12.000

SPAN      302       Conversation/Comp II              3.00     3.00 A       12.000

         TERM GPA :     3.188      TERM TOTALS :     16.00    16.00         51.000

         CUM  GPA :     3.071      CUM  TOTALS :     88.00   112.00        261.000

                    Good Academic Standing

                                      Fall 2015

Program  : Arts & Sciences ‐ UGRD

Plan     : COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY‐BS Major

CTEC      226       Intro To Db Development           3.00     3.00 A       12.000 CTEC      226       Intro To Db Development           3.00     3.00 A       12.000

CTEC      305       Server Administration I           3.00     3.00 C        6.000

CTEC      350       Prin & Meth of Intru Det & Pre    3.00     3.00 A       12.000

CTEC      435       Unix Administration               3.00     3.00 A       12.000

MATH      155       Intro Probability & Stat          3.00     3.00 B        9.000

SPAN      204       Span Phonetics & Phonol           3.00     3.00 C        6.000

         TERM GPA :     3.167      TERM TOTALS :     18.00    18.00         57.000

         CUM  GPA :     3.087      CUM  TOTALS :    106.00   130.00        318.000

                    Good Academic Standing

                                      Sprg 2016

Program  : Arts & Sciences ‐ UGRD

Plan     : COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY‐BS Major

Plan     : Minor Spanish Language Minor

CTEC      300       Database Architecture             3.00     3.00 C        6.000

CTEC      335       Network Protocols (TCP/IP)        3.00     3.00 C        6.000

CTEC      424       Database Administration           3.00     3.00 B        9.000

CTEC      445       Fund of Cryptography & Applica    3.00     3.00 B        9.000

MATH      215       Elements Of Calculus              4.00     0.00 W

         TERM GPA :     2.500      TERM TOTALS :     16.00    12.00         30.000

         CUM  GPA :     3.026      CUM  TOTALS :    122.00   142.00        348.000

                    Good Academic Standing

                                      Fall 2016

Program  : Arts & Sciences ‐ UGRD

Plan     : COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY‐BS Major

Plan     : Minor Spanish Language Minor

ART       231       Visual Literacy:Elmts of Desig    3.00

CTEC      324       Database Appl Dev                 3.00

CTEC      495       Spec Topics In Comp Tech          3.00

MATH      215       Elements Of Calculus              4.00

         TERM GPA :     0.000      TERM TOTALS :      0.00     0.00          0.000

         CUM  GPA :     3.026      CUM  TOTALS :    122.00   142.00        348.000

Undergraduate Career Totals          CUM  GPA :     3.026      CUM  TOTALS :    122.00   142.00        348.000

Requested By :  Brittani Thomas

Return

https://studentsps.bowiestate.edu:8082/psp/student/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/SA_LEARNER_SERVICES.SS_AA_REPORT1.GBL?PORTALPARAM_PTCNAV=HC… 3/3

https://studentsps.bowiestate.edu:8082/psp/student/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/SA_LEARNER_SERVICES.SS_AA_REPORT1.GBL?PORTALPARAM_PTCNAV=HC… 1/3

https://studentsps.bowiestate.edu:8082/psp/student/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/SA_LEARNER_SERVICES.SS_AA_REPORT1.GBL?PORTALPARAM_PTCNAV=HC… 1/3\n
Kaushalchandra Ramsajivan Dubey
3412 Tulane Drive, Apartment 13, Hyattsville MD 20783
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
MS, Telecommunications Engineering
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
GPA: 4.0/4.0

kaushaldubey91@gmail.com
240-328-0671

Expected May-2018

BE, Electronics and Telecommunications
University of Mumbai, India
GPA: 4.0/4.0

June 2015

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
DEPLOYMENT AND ANALYSIS OF GSM, WCDMA and LTE Network
October 2016-December 2016
 Phase 1: Deployed 25 base stations that provided maximum possible network coverage in Downtown DC and
surrounding areas based on coverage specifications.
 Phase 2: Modelled cellular sites using Mentum Planet to optimize Equivalent Isotropic Radiated Power(EIRP), path
loss model, terrain height, antenna orientations and downtilting. Performed optimization drive test to collect, process
data and alter propagation models.
 Phase 3: Provided LTE coverage using 3 base stations to the university campus to ensure a minimum data rate of
2.5Mbps.
 Phase 4: Analyzed Microwave Interference and Cost Sharing on POSEIDON AWS Interference Calculator.
WIRELESS HELICAM PROJECT
August 2014-June 2015
 Designed and built a quad-copter based on the concepts of aerodynamics which could be controlled using
radio transmissions.
 Incorporated sensor data using KK2 board and feedback loop maintained by the Mega324 microcontroller.
 Simulated and tested the product using Proteus Software.
CISCO CERTIFIED NETWORK ASSOCIATE TRAINING
 Understood OSI Model, TCP/IP protocol suite (IP, ARP, ICMP, TCP, UDP)
 Studied IP addressing, subnet designing, difference between distance vector and link vector protocols.
 Studied various routing protocols- RIP V1/V2, OSPF, IGRP, EIGRP and BGP
 Analyzed bridging and switching concepts and LAN technologies
 Configured Cisco Routers using RIP, IGRP, OSPF, EIGRP

July 2016

COMPUTER SKILLS
Programming Skills:
C, C ++, JAVA, MATLAB, AUTOCAD
Protocols Knowledge: TCP-IP, ARP, RIPv1, RIPv2, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP
Applications:
Mentum Planet, POSEIDON, Microsoft Office, PROTEUS
ACTIVITIES
 Build an IoT Device using TI Microcontroller LaunchPad, Wi-Fi BoosterPack and Energia
 Analyzed the concepts of DAS, MIMO, small cells, fractional frequency reuse, Bluetooth, ZIGBEE in an
Advanced Wireless Course
 Presented projects based on Security Systems in technical fests held by the college
HONORS AND AWARDS
Scholarship of $6000 in high school by the Government of Maharashtra State Board
March 2011

\n
Kanti Bhojani	

kanti.bhojani@gmail.com

917-972-7159



Summary:

																

Seven years of extensive experience in the field of Business Systems Analysis, Project Management working with the technical staff to implement management and staff's business requirements into the software application in Healthcare Industry.

Proficient at creating Use Cases, GAP Analysis, Process Flows & Works using UML

Extensive Process reengineering by documenting and evaluating existing business processes

Conducted and facilitated JAD sessions and brain storming sessions with key user groups emphasizing the scope of the project in order to provide key initiatives in working with users in identifying and defining project and system requirements

Highly familiar with understanding all phases of project development life cycle using standard methodologies including analysis, design, and development of software applications

Worked with FACETS Team for HIPAA Claims Validation and Verification Process (Pre-Adjudication)

Experience with Medicare Advantage programs and associated federal regulations

Researched the various steps in the lifecycle and then facilitated to construct the system in such a way that the claims could easily be identified and monitored

Proficient in using PM/BA tools including Microsoft Project Professional, Microsoft SharePoint, and Microsoft Office Professional

Sound knowledge & experience using Unified Modeling Language (UML), Rational Unified Process (RUP), Rational Suite including Rational Rose and RequisitePro

Ability to create and adapt processes to monitor projects, communicate project goals to stakeholders and set performance expectations

Detailed knowledge of X12 and XML data format standards 

Excellent communication skills and ability to lead and mentor junior level business analyst/team members



Technical Skills



Operating Systems - Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP, Unix

Software Methodologies- SDLC, SCRUM, Agile, Waterfall Model, Rational Unified Process (RUP), Rapid Application Development (RAD), Object Oriented Design & Analysis, ER Modeling and Database Design

Databases - MS Access, Automated Enrollment, Oracle (SQL), SQL Server, Oracle 10g, DB2, IBM AIX

Programming Languages - HTML, Java, C/C++,PLSQL

Microsoft Office Suite - MS Project, MS Word, MS Excel, PowerPoint, MS Visio, MS SharePoint, MS Office 

Reporting tools - Business Objects, Crystal Reports, OBIEE

Business Modeling Tools -Rational Rose, Clear-Quest, Requisite-Pro and Clear-Case



		Education

	

	MBA In Healthcare Administration

Bachelor In Pharmacy 



Professional Experience



Public Consulting Group, MA

April 2012 – Till Date

Sr. Business Analyst



Project Scope: I am working as a Sr. Healthcare Business Analyst for the HIPPA-5010 on multiple projects implementation.  Prepared detailed system requirements and specifications and participate in the development of system solution design for existing and new capabilities. Primary accountabilities include analysis and design activities, UML modeling, facilitating JAR/JAD sessions, and working with other analysts to detail use cases and analysis models, Functional/Conceptual designs, working with technical design to complete the detail technical design and testing of the application prior to full system integration testing.



Responsibilities:



		Responsible for conducting research and root cause analysis for customers with the goal of recommending and implementing new processes and solutions to problems; resolved issues and improve operational performance

		Involved in creating sample mappings for the conversion of EDI X12 transactions code sets version 4010 to 5010 and translation of ICD 9 codes into ICD 10 codes.

		Created Functional Specification Documents for the Agency and Membership system

		Reviewed EDI companion guides for all payers to ensure compliance, edit integrity and maintain up-to-date list of payer contacts.

		Monitor and test all new application development for health insurance clients.

		Document procedures to facilitate best practice and enhancement development

		Documentation management of all healthcare project work performed/executed by all development performed

		Liaison between the Business Team and ITD Team

		Collaborate with TPA management and clients in the prioritization of deliverables

		Provide direct consulting, operational, and technical support to the TPA Director of health Insurance reimbursement

		Hands-on involvement in the completion of deliverables, which can include both healthcare business and technical projects

		Participate in the development of project budgets and monitoring actual expenses against plan

		Ability to develop health insurance technical requirements and specifications

		Ability to develop and test use cases for all new development and enhancements

		Assist with documentation management of all healthcare project work performed

		Proficiency in all MS Office products such as Excel, Word and Visio

		Ability to work on HIPAA 837, 835, 834, 997, 999 healthcare claim transaction set.



CIGNA Health Insurance, PA

Dec 2010 – 03/20/2012

Business Analyst/ Data Analyst



	Project Scope: I worked as a Business Data Analyst for the HIPPA-5010, ICD-10 SSN Remediation and Alternative Capitation   implementation.  Prepared detailed system requirements and specifications and participate in the development of system solution design for existing and new capabilities. Primary accountabilities include analysis and design activities, UML modeling, facilitating JAR/JAD sessions, and working with other analysts to detail use cases and analysis models, Functional/Conceptual designs, working with technical design to complete the detail technical design and testing of the application prior to full system integration testing.

	

Responsibilities:



Performed Requirement Analysis by gathering both functional and non functional requirements based on interactions with the process owners & stake holders and document analysis, represented them in Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM). 

Developed plan for data feeds and data mappings for integration between various systems, including XML, to follow ICD 10 Code set and ANSI X12 5010 formats.

Involved in gap analysis and implementation of HIPAA 5010, ICD 10 and Claim Validations

Created System Use Cases and System Requirements documentation for Medicare project

Conducted and lead JAR/ JAD sessions and brain storming Requirements sessions with key user groups emphasizing the scope of the project in order to provide key initiatives in working with users in identifying and defining project and system requirements

Performed Data Conversion in different functional areas.

Involved in analyzing the service center tickets (SCT)/requests to claims processing system.

Develop Regression Test Scenarios for 270/271, 276/277, 834, 835, 837 ID transactions based on the mapping specifications and compliance guidelines of EDITPS.

Gathered requirements from the clients and developed crosswalks for 270/271, 276/277, 834, 835, 837 P/I claims.

 Developed test cases based on the crosswalks and compliance guidelines for 270/271, 276/277, 834, 835, 837 Professional, Institutional and Dental claims and for 270/271 eligibility benefit inquiry and response 

Generated test data using X12 generator for transactions 270/271, 276/277, 834, 835, 837P/I/D. Conducted Gap Researched and understood the claims adjudication and reimbursement systems based on HIPAA X12 4010 standards. 

Followed Agile/ Scrum methodology throughout the project life cycle.

Created a cross walk to gather the data items such as authorization status, error messages from back end processing system, co-pay, co-insurance, non-covered amount and deductible from XML responses.

Created and maintained Narrative Use Cases (Business Use Cases, System Use Cases) and modeled Use Case Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, Data Flow Diagrams using MS Visio.

Performed UAT and created test plans, test cases, test scripts and implemented them.

Gathered UI requirements by interacting with the User Interface team and developed prototypes using AXURE.

Created supplementary specification USE CASE Requirements for SSN Remediation and system Interfaces.

Interacted with department heads to finalize business requirements, functional requirements and technical requirements and also created Business process model.

Performed Data Analysis for different functional areas. 

	Facilitated JRP sessions between technical and regulatory teams for meeting requirements as well as solving problems on a daily basis.

	Involved in creation and reviewing of Functional Specifications and created a Functional Design Document.

	Utilized Rational Software Architect and Rational Requisite Pro for tagging System Requirements.

Used Rational Requisite Pro to improve the communication of project goals, enhance collaborative development, reduce project risk and increase the quality of application before deployment.

	Followed the adaptive RUP framework for the whole Project life cycle (PLC)

	Fine tuned search engines and pulled data from different databases and migrated data back and forth using SQL.

	Involved in creation and execution of manual test cases in Quality Center and automated Test Cases in QTP and analyzed the Test Results.  

	Involved with the QA team to conceptualize, determine and develop test approaches and methods for unit testing, integration and functional testing, load and usability testing according to the application complexity and test requirements. 



Environment: Rational Software Architect, Rational Requisite Pro, AXURE, Windows XP/2000, Oracle, PL/SQL, MS-Project, MS-Office Suite, MS Visio, MS Visual Source Safe, Quality Center 9.2.





Client: LIA Health Alliance Island, NY

Role:  Sr. Business Analyst          

Period: Jan 2010 – Nov 2010



My primary role on this project was working on conversion of ICD-9 CM and PCS codes to ICD-10 (Clinical Modification and Procedure Coding System) codes and conversion of all EDI HIPAA X12N-4010 transactions to HIPAA X12N-5010 version and prepare necessary supporting mapping/crosswalk documents as part of project deliverables

Responsibilities:

Responsible for conducting research and root cause analysis for customers with the goal of recommending and implementing new processes and solutions to problems; resolved issues and improve operational performance

Involved in creating sample mappings for the conversion of EDI X12 transactions code sets version 4010 to 5010 and translation of ICD 9 codes into ICD 10 codes.

Created Functional Specification Documents for the Agency and Membership system

Reviewed EDI companion guides for all payers to ensure compliance, edit integrity and maintain up-to-date list of payer contacts.

Created file layouts for the inbound interfaces and the outbound interfaces for the Agency and Membership system

Wrote use cases, prepared use case diagrams (using Rational Rose & UML) and followed Agile at every stage of the processes

	Developed the business crosswalks for 837(P, I, D), 835, 834 and 276/277 according to HIPAA implementation rules

Conducted user interviews, gathering requirements, analyzing the requirements using Requisite pro

Responsible for customer interface, requirements definition, general and detailed design, testing, maintenance and training programs and managed requirements using Rational Requisite Pro

Conducted analysis of HIPAA compliance and took part in discussions for designing the healthcare transactions to be HIPAA 5010 compliant

	Analyzed the impact of new HIPAA standards on targeted systems, processes, and business-associate relationships

	Involved in the process of data conversion and data migration of the existing systems.

	Gathered functional, technical and UI specifications.

Extracted the data from SQL Server, Oracle, files, and Access into Data warehouse

Created issue logs, work request template, change request template and problem request template for the users

Analyzed data and investigated service related issues to identify root cause of problem(s)

Worked with business users to come up with Reporting Requirements and the reports were developed in Cognos

Identified and communicated business needs as required

Participated in presentations to internal and external audiences

Translated business requirements and assisted IT with the development of technical specifications

Worked on the service requests and changed requests for the Agency System

Developed complex forecasting tools using current technology/systems (Access, Excel, Monarch, etc.)

Recommend solutions based on data analysis to increase business efficiency and/or improve existing processes

Conducted  User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for projects, implementations, system fixes and enhancements, etc



	Environment: Clarity, IBM Mainframe (VSAM, COBOL, JCL), FTP Client, MS Access, MS Visio, RUP, OOAD, SQL , Agile, MD 3270 Mainframe, MS Excel, MS Office, HP Open View, Windows XP



Client: Health Partners Inc. Philadelphia, PA                                                                   

Role:  Sr. Business Systems Analyst           

Period: Jun 2007 – Dec 2009



The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) require that all health insurance payers in the United States comply with the EDI standards for health care as established by the Secretary of Health and Human Services. The Addenda version of the ANSI ASC X12 834 transaction set was selected as the HIPAA-mandated format for electronic enrollment and disenrollment in a Health Plan.



Responsibilities:



		Converted business and user system needs into Vision Documents, Business Process Flows, Use Cases, and Non Functional Requirements

		Conducted user interviews, gathered requirements, analysed the requirements using RUP methodology and documented the requirements using Rational Requisite Pro

		Followed the business rules, and ensured that HIPAA compliant Rules are followed to display minimum benefit information that the Provider is required to pass on the EDI transactions

		Working with and utilized a growing knowledge of X12 F4010 HIPAA 837 I, P, D, 835, 834, 820, 270, 271, 276, 277, and 278, EDI, Privacy, Security, and Medicaid

		Managed the privacy and security environments of healthcare data that was governed by HIPAA and other government mandates

		Used the Agile methodology to build the different phases of the SDLC

		Planned and led large Joint requirements sessions

		Utilized OOAD and UML to create use cases, UI development, usage models, layout and wireframes, test cases and user training

		Played a key role in helping the company adopt RUP and use UML notations for OOAD

		Developed requirements through elicitation, analysis, specification and verification of business needs

		Implemented Change Management and Change Control for effective results

		Interacted with the testers while transporting the requirements to Mercury Quality Center

		Wrote detailed description of user needs, program functions, and steps required to develop or modify computer programs.

		Using the Business Logic Requirement Document (BLRD) derived the User Requirement’s Document and the technical requirements 

		Used the RTMIS tool (Requirement management tool) to structure the requirements

		Performed Gap Analysis to identify gaps in the BLRD

		Used The Waterfall model to break down the tiers into further more detail, to eliminate high level defects while testing

		Elaborated on high level schedule into a detailed work plan that incorporates all aspects of the testing initiative

		Developed test scenarios and implemented test plans for Product test, integration test, system test and user acceptance test (UAT).

		Used the CMMI Model to guide process improvement across a project

		Created process flow for moving the claims related data from EDW to EDM

		Develop documentation / matrix of dependencies that exist between technologies and processes

		Interacted with clients and other members of the development and QA teams to ensure delivery



	Environment: IBM Mainframe (NASCO, EAB), MS Access, MS Visio, RUP, OOAD, MD 3270 Mainframe, MS Excel, COBOL, iRise Studio, Ultra Edit, Oracle, MS Office, SQL, Windows XP



Client: Assurant Health, Cleveland, OH 

Role:  Systems Analyst/Requirement Analyst           

Period: Sept 2005 – May 2007



Assurant provide a variety of product and services such as individual health and small employer group health insurance, dental insurance, disability insurance and life insurance. I worked on Healthcare system specifically designed to incorporate with clinical, material management and medical billing applications needs of the users. The system was also easy to integrate with most patient accounting and clinical healthcare software solutions.



Responsibilities:

			Liaised with business and functional owner during risk engineering and high-level review sessions to derive and execute action plans, meeting deadlines and standards

			Authored various Use Cases and Activity diagrams, Sequence diagrams using Rational Requisite Pro and used UML methodology to define the Data Flow Diagrams (DFD)

			Followed SDLC, which included requirements specifications, design, analysis and testing

			Followed RUP methodology with Agile/Extreme Programming and using Rational Test Suite for various phases of RUP

			Gathered requirements during inception phase, documented and delivered functional specification documents, technical specs and assisted architecture analysis and design using UML and Rational tools

			Responsible for attaining HIPAA EDI validation from Medicare, Medicaid and other payers of government carriers

			Developed Logical and Physical data models that capture current state/future state data elements and data flows using Erwin

			Worked with development team while creating class diagrams and logical flow diagrams

			Responsible for analyzing and developing queries and reports using BO full client and infoview to provide Web-enabled data analysis solutions to business users

			Used MS Project for status reporting and planning to maintain the project schedule and track its status

			Validated the reports in Model Office after the migration of accounts in the Test Phase

			Processed Claims in NPS System (Nasco Processing System) with IBM mainframe Technology

			Experience in processing 270, 271, 276, 277, 834, 835, 837 in NPS system

			Performed Data Mapping by moving the data from the subscriber member database to business layout on the mainframe

			Performed regression testing after the implementation of accounts

			Performed monthly and quarterly audits for some of the accounts using MS Access

			Worked with the Membership Touch Point Measures MTM team to perform their audits

			Analyze business problems and opportunities in the context of the requirements and recommend solutions that enable the organization to achieve its goals

	Worked with the UAT team to validate that the developed application will meet the business requirements

			Provided support for migration and implementation of new accounts

			Experienced with all the transactions used to view a subscriber’s information in NASCO and EAB systems

			Worked with the business user to create new group structures and build mapping documents

			Hands on experience with Facets Accounting, Dental, provider, billing, member and subscriber data models

			Familiar with current industry standards, such as HIPAA, SOX, Layouts, Group structures, Business rules

	

	Environment: MS Access, MS Visio, MD 3270 Mainframe, RUP, OOAD, Agile, SQL , MS Excel, COBOL, CICS, iRise Studio, Ultra Edit, Oracle, MS Office, Windows XP\n
Sandesh Shantaram Gawde
8125 48th Ave Apt 201, College Park, MD 20740 | sgawde@terpmail.umd.edu | +1 (240)-714-6567|
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sandesh-gawde-186062b4/

EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
GPA - 4.0/4.0
College Park, MD
Masters of Science, Engineering Telecommunications
Anticipated- May 2018
Coursework: Advance TCP/IP Networks in IPv6, Networks & Protocol-I & II, Cellular Communication Networks
University of Mumbai
GPA - 8.7/10.0
Mumbai, India
B.E. Electronics & Telecommunications
May 2016
Coursework: Internet & Voice Communication, Computer & Telecom Networks, Satellite & Mobile Communication,
Structured Programming Approach, Object Oriented Programming

TECHNICAL SKILLS
•
•
•
•
•

Certifications: Python, CCNA pursuing, Linux System Administration
Programming: Python, C, Java, Cisco IOS CLI - Network Devices Configuration
Networking: Routing & Switching (L2/L3) -TCP/IP Model, LAN/WAN, IPv6, DHCPv6, ICMPv6, RIPng, OSPF, DNS
Platforms/Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows, Linux – Ubuntu, RHEL-6, CentOS
Tools: Wireshark, tcpdump, GNS3, Cisco Packet Tracer, Excel Analytical Solver, VMware, VirtualBox

ENGINEERING EXPERIENCE
Gilbarco Veeder-Root India Pvt. Ltd.
Mumbai, India
Jan. 2015 - April 2016
• Co-op with the Research & Development unit of the International Fuel Dispenser Manufacturing Company.
• Drafted a system to address Real Time problems incorporating mechanisms such as the sensors, camera,
accelerometer, etc. on a single platform using Raspberry Pi.
• Configured the Local Area Network to implement VLANs and enforced Port Security to invulnerably connect and
communicate the devices involved in the setup.
• Demonstrated strong domain knowledge, analyzing problem solving abilities and coding system with Python.

PROJECTS
HTTP Client-Server on Ubuntu using IPv6 in Python Programming
May 2017
• Designed a HTTP Server on Linux based Ubuntu by use of Python Programming so that the HTTP Server runs in an
infinite loop to relentlessly respond to the Client Requests.
• Clients can send a GET request either in IPv4 or IPv6 to fetch information form server.
• Server authenticates the client by verifying username and password through a HTML prompt.
• After the client successfully authenticates, the server provides the rest of the information through a HTML file.
• Client and Server can be implemented independently with real world HTTP servers.
Simulation of Cellular Network for Admission control in CDMA system
May 2017
• Simulation of a Python application to improve the performance of a CDMA cell system through admission control.
• Involved creating random users over the channel and monitoring cellular parameters such as received signal
strength levels using COST231 for pathloss, call blocks & call drops with Erlang B formula.
• Examined the effects of insufficient signal strength based on the outcomes of probabilistic models and SINR levels.
• Enhanced the utilization and Grade of Service of the cellular network based on the observations.
Peer-to-Peer Communication between TCP Client-Server Ports through C Programming in RHEL.6
Nov. 2016
• Implemented Port Communication extending to the devise Sockets to establish a programmed data in C, to transfer
between the Client and Server paradigm through Transmission Control Protocol.
• Activated Client-Server modules for reliable communication between them through Linux Command Line.

AWARD(S)/ACHIEVEMENT(S)/LEADERSHIP & OTHER(S)
•
•
•

Endowment for securing First Rank in academics by Tata Trust-Scholarship Program
Event Manager - IETE KJSIEIT
Administrative Assistant - University Book Center.

2015
2014-2015
Aug. 2016 - Present

\n
Samantha Leap
600 Peace Pipe Court ♦ Lusby, MD 20657
443-624-8747 ♦ sleap@terpmail.umd.edu

Education

	University of Maryland                                                                                        	Expected May 2016                         

	Bachelor of Arts in Economics   	Cumulative GPA: 3.4

	Minors: Statistics and Sustainable Studies                                                  

		Study Abroad: The Rise and Fall of London  	January 2014	

Communicated research through organized presentations

Adapted to different cities (London, Bristol, and Liverpool) for three week duration 



Work Experience

			National Socio-Environmental Synthesis Center (SESYNC)	Annapolis, Maryland

	Integrated Platform Intern	June – August 2015

Synthesized data into an integrated platform to aid researchers to find new data

Collaborate with colleagues and researchers to form Food Energy Water (FEW) Nexus 

Utilized markdown to transfer information for SESYNC’s use  



	United States Army Corps of Engineers Project 	Solomons Island, Maryland

	Research Assistant 	May – August 2014

Conduct extensive research on the invasive species, water hyacinth 

Apply mathematics and statistics to observe changes in budget 

Analyze results on statistical models in order to create progress reports 



	Academic Support and Career Development Unit (ASCDU)	College Park, Maryland

	Economic and Statistics Tutor	August 2013 - Present

Tutor multiple students to improve understanding of fundamental concepts

Develop unique problem sets to show different approaches in problem solving

Provide individualized input to form study habits



Leadership & Activities

	Sustainability Advisor 	College Park, Maryland

	Lecturer for the Sustainability Department	August 2015 - Present

Engage groups between fifteen and forty people in an hour long presentation

Generate presentations relating to economic and environmental issues

Provide interdisciplinary approaches to sustainable issues 

	

	Habitat for Humanity Volunteer 	Lusby, Maryland & College Park, Maryland

	Volunteer worker	May  - November 2013

Build houses for members of community who are in need

Transition quickly between building tasks and stay alert on the job site



Skills and Interests

				Programs and Software: Proficient in SAS, Matlab, ArcGIS, MS Excel, Word, and Powerpoint  

		Interests:  Reading, Swimming, Cycling, Cooking, and Traveling\n
Liudmila Bolataeva

San Ramon, CA 94583

Mobile: (925) 895-4260

Email:	ludab70@gmail.com 



SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER



SUMMARY:

3+ years of experience in software Testing with exposure to the full development cycle

University degree in Mathematics

Background in Business Accounting

Experienced in formulating Test Plans, Test cases, Test Scenarios, and Test Approach

Proficient in developing use cases, user interface specifications, and user requirement specification documents

Good working knowledge of development process such as Waterfall and Agile methodology

Experienced in different Types of Testing - Integration, System, Functional, GUI, Regression, 

Performance, Sanity, Smoke and User Acceptance Testing (UAT)

Experienced in the preparation of test data and weekly status reports

Extensively experienced in writing SQL queries for Back-end testing

Hands-on experience with developing automation test scripts with Selenium WebDriver and 

TestNG

Strong experience in Mobile Applications testing (Android and iOS platforms) and Web testing 

Ability to work well in fast paced, dynamic team environment

Excellent verbal, written and analytical skills with ability to work in a team as well as individually

US Citizen



TECHNICAL SUMMARY:

Tools: 	Android SDK, ADB, Xcode, Putty, DB Solo, Oracle SQL, Firebug, XPath, Chrome Developer Tools, Burp Suite, IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse

Platforms:		Windows, macOS, Linux, iOS, Android OS

Programming:		HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, familiar with Java, SQL

Database:		Oracle, MySQL

Virtualization:		Oracle VirtualBox, VMware

Other:			TestRail, Jira, Bugzilla



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

12/16 – present Software QA Engineer, Onshorex, Santa Clara, CA

Developed Test Plan, Test Scripts and Test Strategy documents

Created, executed and maintained Test Cases in TestRail test case management tool 

Engaged with Development Team and provided feedback on Designs and clarified questions

Created & maintained Traceability Matrix to map with Requirements with Test cases and Defects

Performed GUI, Functional, System, Sanity, Positive and Negative, Integration, Regression, 

UAT and Back-end testing

Tested web application compatibility in many versions of Chrome, Firefox, Safari and Internet 

Explorer browsers

Tested Mobile Application in iOS and Android platforms 

Utilized Jira for bug verifications, reporting software defects and modification requests

Constructed SQL queries to validate the data

Provided daily status on test progression and defects status to Project team

Developed and executed regression automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG

Participated in various Agile Scrum Meetings





11/13 – 10/16	Software QA Tester, Embee Mobile, San Francisco, CA

Tested EmbeePay - the Facebook app. The application allows users to participate voluntarily in various marketing programs. In return users are able to earn EMBEE POINTS that they can redeem for free mobile service and content for their cell phones, as well as other products like gift cards from leading online retailers

Analyzed product requirements, design specification, use cases

Developed test plans and test strategy documents

Created, executed and updated Test cases for User-Admin tools and for the product features 

Created different campaigns in Offer-Admin Tool for targeted types of users for the testing purpose

Performed Regression, Acceptance, Functional, Usability, GUI, Cross-platform testing, Browser compatibility testing of entire web application after implementation of new features

Identified application issues and referred findings to appropriate person or team via Jira

Participated in project updates meetings, defect review meetings and defect report meetings





11/06 – 11/13 	Accountant, SCJ Insurance Services, Pleasanton, CA

Monthly general ledger entries and bank reconciliation of multiple accounts

Managed Full Cycle Accounts Payable. Set-up and maintenance of vendor accounts. Created and maintained file system to easily access vendor documents

Reviewed and reconciled vendor statements and invoices and coded to the appropriate accounts

Reviewed, recorded and processed employee expense reports. Reconciliation and timely payment of the company credit cards. Assisted customers regarding payment inquires and resolving related issues/matters

Ensured the timely month-end close of Account Payable. Monitored expenses to ensure compliance with budget by performing monthly variance analyses.



EDUCATION:

Unix/Linux, De Anza College, Cupertino, CA

Programming with C++, Las Positas College, Livermore, CA

Introduction to Java programming, Las Positas College, Livermore, CA

BS in Mathematics, North Ossetian State University, Vladikavkaz, Russia\n
MUHAMMAD AFOLAYAN
1129 Quantril Way♦ Baltimore, MD 21205
240-593-1192 ♦ Afolayan.Muhammad@gmail.com

EDUCATION
University of Maryland at College Park
Bachelor of Science, [Economics]

Class of 2017

[College Park Scholars]
August 2011 – May 2013

Developed leadership skills through experiences such as internships, research, and community service.

WORK EXPERIENCE
BK Motors
Baltimore, MD
Marketing/ Administrative
June 2009 – August 2011

Analyzed prospective client portfolios to find suitable fit between the client and company.

Established and improved client communications; maintained ongoing relationships.

Addressed client inquiries; interpreted and delivered information; proposed suggestions.
Conferences and Visitors Services
Customer Service/ Hospitality

Planned, coordinated and executive events.

Trained to be a Community Assistant (CA.)

College Park, MD
Summer 2013 – Summer 2014

Footnotes Café
College Park, MD
Customer Service
February 2015-Present
 Often said to bring a positive atmosphere into work regularly.
 Immensely helped sales by being a team leader and taking initiative.
 Gained positive feedback from the customers and supervisors for exceptional customer service.
Money One Federal Credit Union
Account Associate
 Promoted overall efficiency in the bank by making several contributions to the management.
 Performing clerical duties.
 Selling Financial services.
 Supporting bank sales and by identifying customer needs.

Greenbelt, MD

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Campus Mentoring Bigs
College Park, MD
Mentor
Fall 2012 – Spring 2013

Big/Little Mentoring program; assisted a freshman in the transition from high school to college.
Randallstown Islamic Center
Youth Leader

Regularly took charge of important tasks and activities around the mosque

Overseeing the development personal development of the youth members. .

SKILLS, VOLUNTEER AND INTERESTS
Skills: [Advanced use of Microsoft word (Typing 70 words per minute), Powerpoint, Excel,]
Languages: [Fluent in Yoruba]
Volunteer: Several Community service events with Incentive Awards Scholarship program.
Affiliations: African Student Association (ASA) ; Muslim Student Association (MSA) ; Soccer Club
Interests: Soccer, Problem Solving, Technology, Gaming, Weightlifting, Art.

Randallstown, MD
Spring 2012

\n
Raymond E. George 
15003 Courtland Pl. Laurel, MD 20707 
raygeorge401@gmail.com 
Home: (301)-490-4581 
Cell: (240)-535-0761 



Summary

• Around 15 years of professional experience within the US in Enterprise IT

• Extensive experience on the Unix platform Weblogic Application server.

• Experience in design, planning, installation, administration, operation, troubleshooting

and maintenance of Internet/Intranet software components of large enterprise servers

• Experience of working on the Unix (Solaris) and Linux (RHEL) platforms.

• Attained expertise in Application Servers (WebLogic), through vendor training, as well as on-hands experience.

• Experience with WebLogic (v8x, 9x and 10x and 11g).

servers (6.x), Oracle 10g, Sun LDAP and IBM HTTP servers.

• Experience in Unix System Administration, application software support, shell scripting.






COMPUTER EXPERIENCE 



Software: Weblogic Server 11g(10.3.x), Oracle DSEE, OBIEE 11.1.1.x, OVD, OID, DSEE, Oracle Access Manager (OAM), Oracle SSO, OHS, WLS Enterprise Manager, WebMethods, Unix shell , Apache Web Server, Oracle (EM) Enteprise Manager, Webmethods, Hibernate, Oracle, MySql,  Java, CMMI, EJBs, JSP, JavaBeans, Sentenium, Firebug, Icefaces/JSF,  Html, JavaScript, Xhtml, Xml,  Ant, ,  Xterm, , SQL, SDK(1.9), UDP, UML. Jenkins



Element Solutions (Oct 2015-Present)

DevOps / System Administrator/ Weblogic Admininstrator

Performed development of multiple-tiered web application (CMS 3-zone Architecture). Including webserver tuning, location blocks and directives.

Performed WLS security realm authorization configuration and administration. Including authenticator setup utilizing external authenticator sources.

Implemented Oracle Access Manager  Identity Assertion configuration as authentication mechanism for OBIEE application.

Implemented SSO implementation for BI access.

Performed continuous integration, configuration and build support

Supported and configured multiple development and integration labs from development to production level.





New Wave Technologies(April 2012-Sep 2015)

System Administrator/Weblogic Admininstrator

Performed Middle Tier administration supporting multiple application development environments.

Perform Weblogic server installation, upgrades and administration.

Perform DSEE(ldap) installation, upgrades, and administration.

Administer CM Administration, including the maintenance, creation of development streams.






Indigo Arc (Jan 2010-March 2012)

System Owner/Middleware Administrator 



Performed Middle tier support and troubleshooting; specifically a multiple-instance, load-balanced Weblogic configuration and application installation(v. 8 thru 11). In addition, performed mid-tier parameter and jvm performance tuning updates.



Performed maintenance of ldap director servers to maintain lab support users and application authentication. Implementation perfomed via shell script as well as UI interface.



System install and configuration across multiple domains, including Software Integration Test, System Integration Test, Customer Acceptance Test, and Production.





Performed Application Database support database modifications and updates via server side scripts thru dev life cycle. Specifically table and field updates, creates, and drops. In addition to periodical database clears and data modifications in support of on-going development and system testing efforts.







Monitored and maintained Deployment, Configuration and Maintenance of NARA ERA applications, including Base, EOP, and Online Public Access.





Performed Webmethods business engine support and configuration, updates and troubleshooting.













SafeNet (July 2007 – Dec 2009)

Software Engineer/Analyst

Design and develop J2EE Web Applications utilizing UI with Icefaces, 

JavaBeans framework EJB and Hibernate persistence mechanism.



Unit test modules and regression test to ensure system functionality.

Created use case and modeling diagrams and documentation in support of

configuration management processes.

		Experience with configuration management tools incorporating source control.

		Incorporated contemporary  software development processes.

		Implemented multi-threaded processing interface.

		Produced design, test and user documentation.


SAIC(June 2005 – June 2007)

Software Engineer

Design and develop J2EE Web Applications utilizing JSP, Servlet technology in conjunction with and Oracle Database.

•    Unit test modules and regression test to ensure system functionality.

Experience with configuration management tools incorporating source control.

Produced design, test and user documentation.


ITT Industries (March 2004-June 2005)
Software Design Engineer



• Designed and developed multiple J2EE Web Applications utilizing JSP, Servlet technology in conjunction with an Oracle Database .

• Designed and developed DoD document analysis and reporting programming utilizing Java and Jsdk.
• Designed database model in coordination with DoD analysis utility.
• Implement configuration management tools and methodology in support of project development.
• Implemented Application Server Secure Sockets Layer configuration


Verizon Corp, Arlington, VA (Jan 2001-March 2004) 
Middleware Administrator/Developer 
• Architected and implemented a highly scalable J2EE (Servlets, EJBs, JSPs) mid-tier application infrastructure, 150,000 transaction/day, for a three-tiered Customer Care system. The J2EE application provides Billing and Provision capabilities to all lines of business across MD, VA, PA, and West VA regions of Verizon. 
• Configured a Weblogic multi-server infrastructure that runs J2EE applications on XP, NT 4.0/Win 2000 and Solaris 2.8. 
• Monitored and administered multi-server production J2EE application. 
• Developed Ant, NT and Korn Shell scripts necessary to support mid-tier application development, build and deployment process. 
• Monitored and implemented code repository build, compile and deployment process across multiple code lines. Implemented J2EE code deployment to multi-server production and test server environments. 
• Optimized server performance by running multiple instances of Weblogic on each Solaris server, and by tuning Weblogic parameters, i.e. execution thread count, EJB timeouts, garbage collection cycles, and available jvm. 
• Designed fault-tolerant architecture using Radware Web Server Directors to implement load balancing and automatic fail-over. 
• Designed and developed a J2EE intranet account retrieval application using Java, Servlets, EJBs, JSPs, and XML. The application enables customers to view accounts via browsers. 
• Designed and developed Perl scripts to parse customer data into applicable format for browser display via Servlets and JSP’s. 
 

EDUCATION 
BS, Computer Science, Bowie State University, 2000\n
ABDUR REHMAN BUTT

202-770-1617

arbutt000@gmail.com

SUMMARY: 



7+ years of experience inJBoss and WebLogic Application Sever Administration/Deployment,Tomcat, Apache Server and Sunone Webserver.

 Expertise in Installation, Configuration, Trouble-Shooting and Maintenance of WebLogic Application Server, JBoss Application Server, Apache WebServer on different UNIX/Windows flavors and environments. 

Installed and configured puppet dashboard. 

 Experience in Maintaining WebLogic Server on different UNIX and Windows platforms and setting up the Development, Testing and Production environments. 

 Deploying J2EE Application archives (JAR, WAR, EAR and RAR) and Web-Based/E-Commerce on WebLogic Application Server and JBOSS 6.x/7.x. 

Configured and administered JDBC connection pools. 

Varied experience in Clustering (both horizontal and vertical), Workload management, creation and maintenance of Domains, Nodes and Managed Servers instances in a WebLogic.

Installed and configured Apache Webservers in various environments. 

Deployed applications on multiple WebLogic Servers and maintain Load balancing, High Availability and Failover functionality. 

Experienced in applying patches and plug-ins for WebLogic Application Server. 

Extensive experience in finding the Memory Leaks and adjusting the JVM Heap Sizes, using the Optimize IT and Wily Introscope. 

Working knowledge of JBOSS 6.x/7.x and exposure to distributed queuing architectures. 

Extensive experience in configuring and managing secured environments using SSL and digital certificates. 

Experienced in J2EE (JSP, Servlets, EJB, JNDI, JMS), Java1.7, JDBC, Java Beans, RMI, JavaScript, XML, HTML, SQL, C# ASP.NET. 

Experience in Ticketing tools like HP PPMC and Production monitoring tools like HP M360, Oracle EM and http analyzer tools. 

Good understanding of Load Balancing using F5, SiteMinder and DNS. 

Good business understanding, Networking skills and Application work flows. 

Expertise in writing UNIX Shell Scripts, WLST. 

Strong troubleshooting skills in WebLogic Application Server platforms. 

Experience managing multiple concurrent tasks and projects. 

Responsible in providing 24x7 on-call supports for product delivery platforms and application troubleshooting and problem resolution, including managing, escalating, scheduling and reporting corrective actions. 

Ability to focus on complex tasks and to understand interaction of this technology area with parts of the infrastructure. 

Experienced in installing Certificates on various Web Servers and WebLogic Application Server Platforms. 

Technically competent person for the technology in a particular area. 

Customer focus to ensure quality and timely responses. 

Strong & effective communication skills.





TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Operating Systems

Solaris, Red Hat LINUX, HP-UX, IBM-AIX, Windows 98/2000/NT/XP

Programming Languages

														C, C++, JAVA/J2EE, C#, Visual Basic, SQL, PL-SQL

Application Server

Oracle WebLogic Server 8.x./9.x/10.x/11.x/12.x,JBoss 6.x

Web Server

Apache 2.x, Sun ONE 6.x, MS IIS server 5.1/6.0, IBM-HTTP Server

J2EE Technologies

Servlets, JSP, JDBC, RMI, JMS, JTA, JNDI, JMX, EJB, Applets and swing components, AWT.

Web Technologies

														JDK 1.4/1.5/1.6/1.7, HTML, XML, DHTML, MSXML, ASPX.

Scripting Languages

WLST, UNIX Shell Scripting (Bourne, Korn, C and Bash), Perl Scripting

Monitoring Tools

														Wily Introscope, JMeter, Mercury Load Runner, Grinder, Samurai.

Database

														Oracle 8i/9i/10g, MS SQL Server 7.x/2000, Sybase, Pointbase,

														My SQL, MS Access and DB2.



Configure Management

														Puppet

Networking & Protocols



														TCP/IP, Telnet, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, SNMP, LDAP, DNS, DHCP



Experience:



Cerner (Kansas City, KS)					                                  Sept 2013 – Till Date

Sr. WebLogic / JBoss Administrator 

						

Responsibilities:



C3 Fabric, work in take forum initial preparation.

Active data guard Vip (ADG).

	Installation and Configuration of Oracle Weblogic Application Server 9.2/10.3/11g/12c on Linux, SUN Solaris and Windows environment.

	Responsible for setting up development, testing, staging and production environments for the ongoing application development.

	Configured connection pools, data sources for JDBC connection on Weblogic and Jboss with Informix and SQL server.

	Installed and configured Tomcat 6.0 for vendor application and provided support.

	Installed Weblogic/jboss servers, configured domains for deploying applications.

	Installation, Configuring, Troubleshooting and Maintaining the Weblogic/jboss and Apache webserver.

	Wrote Shell Scripts to automate processes (cron tasks).

	Deployed applications on multiple Weblogic Servers and maintained Load balancing, High-Availability and Failover functionality (disaster recovery).

	Deployed application on multiple Weblogic Server and Jboss server instances, maintaining Load balancing and High-Availability on production.

	Tuned Memory parameters for newly installed multiple Weblogic 11g and Jboss Server 5.1.0.GA and Jboss EAP 6.0 on multiple environments QA and UAT before setting it up on Production.

	Created the connection pools, various data sources, JMS connection Factories, Queues and topics. 

	Configured Execute Threads, Connection Pools and JMS Bridges etc. for different components of the retailed applications.

	Responsible for implementing clustering on both Weblogic and Tomcat based server environments.

	Responsible for writing WLST scripts to perform tasks such as monitoring domains, recycling clusters, starting, stopping servers, node managers and deploying applications.

Installed Wily Power packs Such as Leak Hunter, Error Detector, Weblogic Portal, Web Server etc.

	Responsible for recording required URL’s in Wily CEM and monitoring performance.

	Responsible for configuring and testing networking software and operating systems.

	Identified performance bottle necks and suggested device replacement and repair.

	Responsible for performing root cause analysis and identify solutions to issues such as Server Crashes, Hangs and Out of Memory issues in various JDKs.

	Maintained logs related to network functions, their performance and tracked maintenance and repair records.

	Managed and Monitored JVM performance by Weblogic Heap Size, garbage collection, JDBC Pools.

	Developed scripts (start, stop, backup & recovery processes) for web application server administration.

	Responsible for managing security by setting up security rules, manage users in the system (implementing Single Sign On).

	Trimmed the Jboss EAP to create the slim version of Application Server and secured the Jbossapplication server.

	

Involved in 24/7 support for production environments.

Environment: SUN Solaris, Windows 2003 server, Linux, Puppet,  Weblogic Application Server, Jboss 5.1.0.GA, Jboss EAP 6.0, Apache WebServer, Windows (95, 98, NT, 2000, XP), Wily Introscope, Shell Scripting, Oracle 9i, Site minder 5/6.



UMB Financial Corporation (Kansas City, MO)  		                                               July 2012 to Aug2013

Sr. WebLogic Administrator



Responsibilities: 

Extensively worked in agile methodology on administration of Oracle WebLogic 10.3.5.0MP1/10.3.x Application Server. 

Supported on call schedule for Production Support.

Deployed the applications like formats of WAR, JAR, and EAR. 

Responsible for Configuring and Administering JDBC, JMS, JNDI, SNMP in WebLogic Server 10.3.5.0.

Installed, configured and administered Oracle WebLogic Server 10.x in various environments. 

Installed and configured Sun ONE webserver in various environments.

Configured and administered of WebLogic server with Oracle9i database.

Deployed the applications on multiple WebLogic Servers and maintained Load balancing, High availability and Failover functionalities.

Configured Clustering EJB objects, JDBC connections and JMS connection factories. 

Configured Node manager for administering the Managed servers.

Configured and administered Connection pools for JDBC connections. 

Configured LDAP using Sun ONE Directory Server for user authentication. 

Performed multiple deployments during upgrade of WebLogic Server from 8.1 to 10.3 in Web Center Environment.

Used configuration wizard and configuration builder extensively to create and manage WebLogicdomains. 

Understanding of scripting tools with shell scripting and WebLogic WLST.

Responsible for setting up the cluster environment for WebLogic Server integrated with multiple workflows. 

Custom application monitoring/instrumentation experience using JMX as well as familiarity with monitoring applications.

Involved in doing a performance benchmark of WebLogic server by using Load Runner.

Configured and deployed applications in various work environments like Development, System Test, SIT, RTB and Production.

Researched and Troubleshoot emerging application issues, from WebLogic configuration to code issues. 

Applied Patches to the WebLogic servers. 

Environment: WebLogic Server 9.2/10.3, Solaris10, Oracle9i, DB2, Mercury 7, JBoss 5.x/6.x,Apache, Wily Introscope, Web Services, LDAP, JDK 1.4.2, SOA, JSPs, EJBs, SQL, JMS.



Barclays Bank (London, England) 						     Jan 2011 to Jun 2012

WebLogic Administrator 



Responsibilities: 

Migrated different retail applications owned by Limited Brands which were deployed in windows 2003 server to Linux environment. 

Configured and managed connection pools across data sources. 

Good in provisioning and deployment tools like Puppet. 

Configured JMS connection Factories, Queues and Topics. 

Installed Weblogic servers, configured domains across Prod and Non Prod environments for deploying retail applications. 

Installed, Configured and maintaining Weblogic 9.2/10.3 and Apache web servers. 

Worked on Daily builds Using Shell Script and Ant Script to extract code from Version Control. 

Deployed applications on multiple Weblogic Servers and maintained Load balancing, high availability and Failover functionality. 

Configured Weblogic 9.2/10.3.x across various horizontal and vertical clustered environments. 

Managed and Monitored JVM performance by Weblogic Heap Size, garbage collection, JDBC Pools. 

Developed scripts (start, stop, backup & recovery processes) for web application server administration. 

Installed and configured Wily Introscope to monitor Weblogic server health. 

Installation, Configuring, troubleshooting and maintaining the WebSphere Application Server 6.1/7.0, ESB and IBM HTTP Server 7.0/8.0 BETA. 

Configured virtual hosts under Apache Web Server. 

Installed and Configured Apache to Weblogic Plug-in. 

Prepared documents for production and business production environments. 

Responsible for application changes across different platforms- Development, QA and Business production and Production environments.

Involving in build and deployment support for Integration Testing, Staging, Pre- Production and Post-Production. 

Involved in 24/7 support for production environments. 

Environment: Linux 5, Windows 2003 server, WebLogic 9.2/10.3 Application Server, Apache 2.2, IBM HTTP Server 7.0/8.0, iPlanet4.1, Sun One6.1, IIS 6.0, Wily Introscope, Shell Scripting, Oracle 10i.









Lloyds TSB Bank (London, England)						    Dec2009 to Dec 2010

WebLogic/JBoss Administrator 



Responsibilities: 

Installed and configured WLS domains for WebLogic 8.x/9.x/10.3and provided support. 

Deployed WAR & EAR files in Weblogic 9.2/10.3, JBOSS 4.2/5.0.1/5.1.0 and SJSAS 9.1 application servers hosting clustered environments. Performed Upgrade and Migration from WebLogic 8.1 to WebLogic 10.x. 

Implementation of a Puppet based configuration management system for Linux machines (physical and virtual) 

Involved in Setting up and maintaining automated build & deploy systems using Puppet.

Single handedly performed up-gradation of JBOSS 4.2 GA to JBOSS 4.2 EAP, Red hat release and configured JDBC, log4j, JMS and JDK. 

Applied patches and installed Maintenance Packs using Smart Update. 

Installed and configured WebLogic, jboss, Apache and Sun One Web Servers during the Data Center Server migration. 

Installed and upgraded Apache 2.2 version and implemented the proxy plug-in for the Weblogic.

Deployed applications on multiple Weblogic Servers and maintained Load balancing. 

Troubleshot applications using Weblogic console and WebLogic Command-Line in highly competitive environment. 

Configured Global and Admin Authenticator in the Weblogic console and configured the Realm. 

Knowledge of WebLogic Server security architecture, LDAP based user registries, different authentication and authorization mechanisms and SSO. 

Worked on Unix Command line utilities and has hands on experience on UNIX commands to support the Environment. 

Involved in tuning the heap size parameters and JVM's Garbage collector for WebLogic/Jbossapplication servers. 

Installed and Configured JBoss Application Server 5 in Dev, Test, PPE and Provided support. 

Deployed WAR files in JBoss AS 5 and provided support. 

Configured JDBC connection pools in JBoss AS 5. 

Configured Clustering of EJB objects, JDBC connections and JMS connection factories. 

Configured LDAP using Sunone directory Server for user authentication. 

Configured Node manager for administration of Admin server and managed servers. 

Configured and deployed applications in various work environments like QA, Development, and Production. 

Used Ant build scripts, UNIX shell scripts to deploy the applications.

Use of Log management tools like Splunk and Xpolog for issue anlayis 

Involved in support for production environment and WebLogic/JBoss server hanging and server crash issues. 

ENVIRONMENT: Solaris10, Weblogic Server 8.1, 9.2, 10.3, Apache, JBOSS, Active Directory, JDK, Servlets, JSPs, EJBs, JMS, Oracle9i, HTML, XML, BigIP, LDAP, SOA.\n
Kulvinder B Kaur    	



EXECUTIVE SUMMARY: Result-oriented professional with 20+ years of industry experience with 14 years focus on Quality Assurance, Systems Analysis and Agile development based on Scrum. Excellent knowledge in Software Development Life Cycle, ISO-9001 and SEI-CMMI processes. Experienced in full lifecycle, including designing, developing and executing test plans, test cases, and test scripts. Expertise consists of diverse types of testing, specifically  fault injection, integration,  Black Box and White Box, regression, IVR, 508 Compliance, API, REST, Web Service and SaaS testing across industry sectors, including Financial, Telecommunications, Supply Chain Management, Publishing, CRM, and Billing applications.



ACHIEVEMENTS:



Consistently built world-class teams around agile delivery model to pursue excellence. 

Led multi-million dollar application testing projects involving multiple vendors and stakeholders.

Success in building result-oriented teams from grass roots and successful timely delivery of major projects. 

Contributed to the acquisition of new contracts by gaining client’s trust of delivering high-quality solutions.

Gained experience delivering year-long projects in under budget and on time in compliance with SLA.  

Successfully implemented radical changes in the QA process, leading to reduction of production defect leakage by 60%.

Extensive experience in building, leading and co-coordinating teams in a dispersed matrix management model. 

Successful in achieving timely sign off during UAT/SAT by working closely with clients throughout SDLC.  

Extensive experience in concurrently leading multiple enterprise scale projects to timely and successful completion.

Received awards for Wachovia conversion project by PMO for diligence and timely delivery throughout my tenure.



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

 Manager, QA/Test (Senior IT specialist) (2013 –present) Montgomery County Govt.

Leads all test phases for the County's Public Safety System Modernization (PSSM) program.  The PSSM program consists of multiple projects designed to improve the County's Public Safety infrastructure, including: 800MHz Rebanding, Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) upgrade, Fire Station Altering system, Radio Infrastructure upgrade. 

Directing the DTS test resources assigned to the PSSM program. Defining the test strategy for the project.

Developing, documenting and maintaining the repository of test plans, cases and scripts over the life of the PSSM program. 

Ensures that the PSSM solutions satisfy the County's specifications by developing and executing test plans to verify the contract specifications.

Work closely with resources in other operating departments, such as the Police Department and Fire & Rescue Services;

Leads all phases of the test effort to include test planning, test case development, traceability of test cases to business and functional requirements, actual scripting of tests, test execution, test environment setup, test data preparation and maintenance, defect tracking through to resolution verification, and test result reporting. 

Serves as active team member on the PSSM Project Management Team to determine the viability of moving a test release forward through the established test phases and ultimately to production. 

Coordinating and collaborating with the PSSM stakeholders, the PSSM user community and the Help Desk to prioritize test cases and defects, to coordinate User Acceptance Test, to provide post implementation support and to establish escalation procedures.

Conducting or participating in project Quality Reviews, Risk Assessments, Issue Management processes, Service Level Agreements and Status Reporting.

Coordinating multiple simultaneous test releases depending on the project schedule.

Manager, Systems Integration & Test (2011-2012), ACS, Xerox 

Lead and manage all aspects of “All Electronic Tolling - Back Office” (AET-BOS 4G) for state projects e.g. MD ICC 200, MTA B&T (New York), North Carolina etc. for ACS Transportation solutions group.



Managed 5 test teams located around the globe in a matrix management model. 

Championed complex IVR (Interactive Voice response) testing methodology.

Spearheaded performance testing of CRM & WEB modules of the product for multiple projects.

Managed multiple project schedules and competing priorities.

Received commendations for delivering UAT, exceeding client expectations that for handling 1300 test cases.

Designed, implemented and trained staff on improved JIRA 2.0 and 3.0 workflow implementations.

Staff management duties included annual performance reviews and personnel growth plans.

Budget management duties included tools, hardware and software for the labs. 



Project Test Lead (2010-2011), ACS, Xerox

Led technical initiatives for DMCS Replacement Project, a multi-million dollar initiative for FSA as an application solution to replace the current DMCS (Debt Management Consolidation System) with a configurable, intuitive, and compliant web-based solution. The solution comprising of FISMA compliance, FSA services, and loan tracking, included 50+ workflows, 140+ reports, 110 ETL processes, 100+ screens for web portal, 400+ forms generation for fulfillment and 20,000+ objects counts. Responsibilities included: 



Built a new team of 20 -25 consultants through screening resumes, interviewing and decision making in hiring.

Ensured security clearance, access and account creation for required tools and environments for new QA team.

Training of new team on the QA tools, processes and existing application architecture.

Day to day task management by conducting daily stand up meetings, and upkeep for the project management.

Authored Master SIT plan, Performance test plan and IST plan; conducted formal test plan walk through with FSA.

Provided test strategies and managed all aspects of testing, including Functional, Smoke, Load, Regression, Performance, Integration, 508 Compliance, Web Service, ETL and Workflow testing.

Managed all phases of testing from requirement to implementation e.g. SIT, SAT and IST.

Created Requirement Traceability Matrix for FSA to map 2000+ business rules to the test scripts.

Environment consisted of Rational Tools -Clear Quest, Clear Case, Test Manager& Functional tester, JAWS (508 Compliance), Java, Java Script, Spring, Struts 2.0, Hibernate, JPA, Spring Security, Axis(Web Service), Pervasive( ETLs), SQL Server 8.0, Titanium (COTS), and Agile methodology.



Director, QA (2010), REGENT EDUCATION   

Regent Education is a provider Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) of financial aid management software solutions for higher education institutions. Responsibilities included:



Identified, developed and implemented QA processes & procedures. 

Daily Scrum with development and product test engineers using monthly Agile Sprint demos, reviews, planning to incrementally deliver high quality products.

Built team from grass roots while ensuring quality of all deployed software products including releases and rollouts. 

Managed offshore software development model across two locations.

Environment consisted of JIRA, Java, C#, Java Script, SOAP, XML, SQL Server, SVN, and IIS.



QA/Test Lead Engineer (2004-2010), THOMSON REUTERS



AFI Proposal Generation Project (2009-2010)

Led the technical initiatives for a $450 million AFI Proposal Generation project and real time order entry system, which provided a single solution for financial advisors to manage their clients’ wealth in real time. Responsibilities included: 



Building of new team of 5 -7 consultants by reviewing resumes, interviewing and decision making in hiring.

Played an integral part in the proposal writing, requirement review process, use case identification and use case creation. 

Developed entire test suite, which included test Strategy, test plans, test scenarios and test cases for functional, UI and backend testing of more complex modules of the proposal generation application.

Led the test case writing, provided project timelines, detailed status reports and risk assessments to all project stakeholders.

Conducted the certification and acceptance of each build and overall certification of entire application upon code freeze. 

Environment consisted of Team Track, Test Track, ASP .NET, C#, Java Script, XSL, XML, XSLT, Oracle11g, SQL developer, VSS, and Tomcat.







Migration Project Lead (2008-2009)                           

Led migration of new data files for NFS that was different than the file/ table structure for existing TTS / BETA back office clients like Janney, Davenport. It required existing Beta back-office clients migrated to new NFS generic database while keeping ThomsonOne Advisor enterprise scale application functionality intact. Completed changes to improve speed and stability. Duties included:



Prepared mapping worksheets to map existing Data Base tables/ fields with new generic DB Table structure involving over 250 tables and over 2500 fields that were identified to be migrated. Documented business rules for each mapped field.

Wrote and executed SQL Queries for each identified field to comply with the migration mapping requirements rules.

Responsible for setting up Backend Migration project structure in Quality Center.

Lead and delegated all test cases writing and executing tasks among team members. 

Reviewed tests scripts of other team members for accuracy.



FINRA Compliance & Disclosure Tool (2008)             

Led the testing initiative for compliance and disclosure tools. Contributions included:



Identified the affected areas to help product write business requirements. 

Testing involved 200 different disclosures affecting over 50 reports with in T1Advisor application.

Worked closely with SIG, DEV & Product in JAD sessions to write viable scaled down version of original requirements.

Tested UI of the tool and the publishing process of disclosure changes from source to target(s) in T1Advisor application.



Production Support IDG Test Lead (2007)            

Responsibilities consisted of production support activities on daily basis, and:



Directed interaction with clients via conference calls and Web-live sessions to help understand issues at hand and resolutions.

Performed smoke, integration, functional, regression testing for biweekly patch releases.

Single-handedly managed and tested Asset Classification out of cycle change for Janney that required understanding of FinanceWare Classification rules for MF, CE/ETF, FI securities. 

Wrote SQL queries to test the SEC type rules for Finance Ware logic, Weiscat Logic, etc., for each of the 13 asset classes. 

Performed white box testing by comparing SQL code with business rules for T1Advisor and screeners side of the application.



Thomson Advisor Core Projects (2005-2007)   

QA Lead Engineer for core team working on Thomson Advisor, application used by financial advisors for various institutions:



Led testing many new feature enhancements along with supporting of several clients in software maintenance. 

Performed reverse engineering to identify backend logic for the population of data in pre-computed tables. 

Performed API/WebServices Testing for American Fund Distributers to test interface capable of receiving select parameters.

Tested BULK load of performance reports of separately managed accounts for different available schedules. 

Acted as the Functional test lead for the Portfolio Management, Asset Allocation, Financial Planning, Fixed Income Reports, CRR Reports, Performance Reports, MVO and CMA Growth Rates.  



Wachovia BPI Smart Station Project (2004)                 

Thomson Financial developed this brokerage platform solution for Wachovia Securities, used by 25,000 users:



Assembled and built QA team from 2 to a total 20 consultants over time. 

Created and maintained QA metrics, GAPs, risk and generated status reports for test planning and test execution.

Developed test strategy, test plans (18), test scenarios and test cases for Functional, UI, Backend testing of modules. 

Managed all aspects of QA for Prudential-Wachovia Merger Ingestion and Migration project. 

Functional, UI and Back End testing of Finder, Custom Groupings, Preferences, Entitlements and other Advisor modules.

Performed Back End testing of Data Ingestion by ingesting the seed files and testing the process.

Environment consisted of  Silk Plan Pro, Silk Performer, Silk Radar, Test Track, ASP .NET, C#, Java Script, XSL, XML, XSLT, Oracle9i, Internet Explorer, Windows XP/NT, Toad, Sun Solaris, VSS, IIS, Tomcat, and Thomson One (T1A).



Senior Software QA Engineer (2002-2003), Thomson Financial 

Worked on Bond Watch, Share Watch and Block Data loader projects in ILX group (a web-based application built in ASP and Microsoft SQL Server). Responsibilities included:



Created new tables, tests data, manipulations and comparison of data processed on three different servers. 

Wrote test plans, test cases, and scripts (using UNIX and I-SQL) to automate the execution of test cases.

Learned Sybase (interactive SQL) to create tables, bulk copy in and out of the tables and do data validations and comparison of data files containing an average of 150,000 records.

Performed Performance, Functional, Auto-recovery, Data Validations (Adds & Deletes), Business Rules, Data comparison and Error Handling testing.

	

	Software QA Engineer & CM Engineer (Level III) (2000-2002), ACE*COMM

	Managed all as aspects of the COTS and custom Telecom and Web based dynamic software applications called NetPlus system, which consisted of over 27 modules with over 500 forms and 4,000 files. 

	

Refined testing and QA culture by creating and implementing new policies and procedures across the test groups. 

Wrote proposals and the Acceptance Test Plan (ATP) for new customer accounts.

Configured and tested Data Replication module of NetPlus deployed in Germany.

Setup the Test Lab to simulate customer configuration with different versions of software and hardware. 



Software Test Engineer   (Mid-Senior Level) (1999), MANUGISTICS

Managed QA for the Supply Chain Management application, ‘Networks’ with Java front-end code and C++ backend. 



Setup test lab to test the application on each specified platforms(C/S), Migration of databases, 

Managed the bug tracking database for keeping track of software problems

Authored test cases and test plans and system testing for the 6.0 release. 

Maintained QA Partner scripts for overnight automated testing. 



Applications Test Analyst (1998-1999), THOMSON CONSULTING

Teams™ was an enterprise-scale media asset management software 3-Tier application totaling over 300,000 lines of  C++ back-end and Java front-end code with Oracle search engine that runs on multiple operating systems with both UNIX and NT back-ends.  This application allows users to create, edit, (with check-in/check-out), and Transform media assets, along with Import, Export, and scheduled batch loading of digital assets with capability of Searching, Viewing and assembling custom products and publications. 



Authored new test plans and maintained test documents for test cases on ongoing basis.

Executed test plans to test the functional as well as performance of the application.

Installed of new build every week and kept track of backend (UNIX) logs for bug tracking; 

Trained other team members in application module/unit testing for assigned test cases.

Performed API Testing using JavaSpec.     



TOOLS:



Modeling Tools: Visio, Rational Rose

Programming Languages:    Visual Basic, DBASE IV, FoxPro, HTML, JavaScript, Active Server Page, .NET, C# Visual Basic, Java, ASP, Python Scripts, Shell Scripts

Database Tools:   Oracle11g/9i/, Toad, SQL developer, Informix, Sybase, SQL and Access, SQL Server 

Tools:   MS Office, ORACLE Forms, RPT, Share Point (MS), VSS, TFS, SOAP Scope, SharePoint.

Quality Assurance Tools:   Quality Center  9.2, Test track, Team track, PVCS, Silk Radar,  APEX Rational, Lotus Notes, Rational test suite- Clear Quest, Test Manager, RequistePro, Functional Tester, Test Director, Silk Plan Pro,  SILK test,  Load Runner, HTTP  Analyzer, Win Runner, Silk Performer, QA partner, JavaSpec with ActiveX Packager, Jira, Selenium, Jaws.

Operating Systems: DOS, UNIX, Windows 3.1 thru 8.0.



EDUCATION:



Bachelor’s Degree in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering.

Institute of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers, Delhi, India.\n
An Integration & Test Company

                                                                                                                                                                                   


Brian Bloomfield





SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Led Video Game Software Development Projects from start to finish (Vertical Slice to Alpha to GMC and Release)

Managed both Small (1-2 testers) and Larger (40+ testers) teams both in house and externally

Certification and Submission Process Approvals for Microsoft’s Xbox 360 and XB1, as well as Sony Playstation’s PS3 and PS4

Extremely proficient with Microsoft Office products such as Word, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Access.

Experience with Bug Flow Databases such as Hansoft, Software Planner, Sharepoint, Jira, Bugzilla, etc.

Project Management Skills

4 years in Project Management in Quality Assurance; cumulative 10+ years of software development industry experience

Able to identify problem areas and communicate possible solutions in a clear and concise manner.

Proactive in updating and communicating with QA Management, Production teams, Development, and External Partners on project status.

Work closely with Production and Development to analyze and give feedback on newly implemented features, progression, project quality, and roadblocks

Oversee Testplan development and Test Schedule implementation / follow through.

Track and analyze Milestones and other Project Deliverables to provide a global testing/tracking objective.

Simultaneously manage multiple bug databases and workflows, including Hansoft, Software Planner, Sharepoint, Jira, etc.

Resource Management Skills

Accountable for prioritizing and managing project-resource needs.

Involved in the supervision of remote testing teams.

Promote team building, open communication, and positive reinforcement within the department.

Counsel testing on investigating “edge case / outside the box” bugs and critical issues.

Always giving testers feedback on performance and job responsibilities.

Conduct phone screens for prospective applicants, scheduling face to face interviews, and training of new hires.

Contribute to the yearly review process.



	

RELATED RECENT EXPERIENCE:

Bethesda Softworks 										          Oct 2005 - Current	

Quality Assurance

Personnel Management, Project Management, Database Management, Quality Assurance Software Tester





EDUCATION:

Associates Degree in Criminal Justice
Frederick Community College – 2003





► 8695 Open Meadow Way, Columbia, MD 21045 ► www.vidoori.com ► (Tel) 989.787.0686 







 ► 1738 Elton Road, Suite 314, Silver Spring, MD 20903► www.vidoori.com ► (Tel) 240.608.6811\n
Anshita Jain 6743 Rock Brook Dr., Clifton, VA 20124

Phone: 571-286-9751 E-Mail: ajain2303@gmail.com

Objective
Dedicated undergraduate Computer Science senior at the University of Maryland looking for an internship; offering my
creativity and critical thinking skills to help generate innovative ideas, and gain experience in the software industry.

Education
n

University of Maryland; Bachelors of Science: Computer Science

n

Virginia Commonwealth University Fall 2013 – Spring 2015

Expected Graduation: May 2018

Software Skills
n

Proficient in Object Oriented programming in JAVA, C programming in Unix environment, OCaml, Prolog, and Ruby

n

Competent in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL, and Apache

n

Learning app development using Ionic Framework

n

Basic designing skills in AutoCAD, Adobe Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator

Related Experience
Student Web Assistant/Designer at UMD Resident Life

6/1/2016 - Present

Responsible for the creation, upkeep, and design of the department’s web pages, guidebook application; e-mail marketing
campaigns, and the management of University Counseling Center website.
Mentor at CoderDojo NOVA, Springfield, VA

11/2015 – 05/2016

Teach kids from ages 8-12 elementary programming skills in Scratch (a user-friendly language created for kids)

Computer Science Courses
n

Object Oriented Programming (JAVA)

n

Discrete Structures

n

Introduction to Computer Systems (C programming)

n

Algorithms

n

Organization of Programming Languages (Ocaml, Prolog, and Ruby)

n

Design and Analysis of computer algorithms

n

Introduction to Advance JavaScript

n

Introduction to PHP, MySQL, and Apache

n

Advance Discrete Structures

n

Computer Systems Architecture (currently enrolled)

n

Data Structures (currently enrolled)

Other Experience
n

UMD Club Rugby: 09/2016 – Present

n

The National Society of Leadership and Success; Sigma Alpha Pi UMD Chapter: 06/2016-Present

n

VCU Phi Eta Sigma Honors Society: 2013-2015

n

50+ hours of community service hours at The Gardens at Fair Oaks, Nursing Center, Fairfax VA: 2012-2013

Other Skills
n

Ability to work independently as well as in a team.

n

Great leadership skills, self-Motivated, quick learner, hardworking, and technically savvy.

n

Strong oral and written communication skills.

n

Possess creative and innovative ideas.

n

Ability to prioritize tasks & effectively manage skills with little supervision.

\n
Tewodros E. Mengistu

6107 Perry St, Hyattsville MD 20785| 240-478-5891 | tewodros@umd.edu



OBJECTIVE

To obtain a summer internship utilizing the engineering skills learned in the electrical & computer engineering program. 



EDUCATION

University of Maryland, College Park, MD        				Expected May 2018

B.S. Electrical Engineering          						GPA 2.92                                                                            

Minor Computer Engineering 



WORK EXPERIENCE

Adele H. Stamp Student Union 	                             			Aug 2014 – Present 

 IT Technician Manager							College Park, MD

Manage a staff of IT technicians to perform daily task such as help desk calls and event setups. 

Administer, troubleshoot and resolve all computers laptop, network, mobile, and telephone issues in the Adele H. Stamp Student Union building.

Provide technical support to events that take place in the Stamp, including creative technical support to campus community who want to incorporate multimedia elements as part of their event.



PROJECT EXPERIENCE

Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV)  					Feb 2016 – May 2016

Robotics at Maryland                                                                      		 	College Park, MD                              

Team member/ Embedded programming subgroup

Work along with 40 team members to compete in AUVSI and ONR’s RoboSub Competition, which requires AUV to complete a variety of obstacles in order to score points.

Program microcontrollers and sensors in order to detect vehicle movements and position.  



Autonomous Hovercraft Project                                     			Feb 2014 – May 2014

Engineering Design 								College Park, MD

Team member/ Controls subgroup 

Cooperated with a team of 11 in the construction of a hovercraft to efficiently maneuver around obstacles and place a ball into a designated box.

Designed payload system with CAD software in order to drop ball into specified box.

Programmed hovercraft navigations. Worked with microcontrollers and various sensors in order to guide hovercraft across course and complete objectives. 

Presented 20 page design report to a discussion board of six distinguished professors in engineering.



PROFESSIONAL ACTIVITIES/ AFFILIATIONS

Academic Achievement Program (AAP)	,					Aug-2014 – Present

Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) 				Jan 2016 – Present

National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE)      					Feb 2014 – Present 



SKILLS

Arduino		C Programming		PuTTY				Autodesk Inventor

MATLAB		Pspice			Circuit Lab 			Creo Parametric

SolidWorks		Ubuntu			Microsoft Office		Verilog\n
310	Passaic	Ave	

Gokul	sai	Krishna	Kurella																																							571-234-3745	

Harrison,	NJ-07029		

	

	

	

	

	

	

gokulsaikrishna3094@gmail.com 	

	

EDUCATION 		
Newark,	NJ																																								New	Jersey	Institute	of	Technology																																									Fall	2015	-	Present		
• Master	of	Science	in	Information	Systems.	GPA:	3.89/4		
Hyderabad,	India																								Gandhi	Institute	of	Technology	and	Management																							June	2011	–	May	2015	
• Bachelor	of	Technology	in	Electrical	Engineering.	GPA:	7.57/10 		
E MPLOYMENT		
	
Desk	Attendant																					
							Residence	Life	New	Jersey	Institute	of	Technology														November	2015	
• The	core	competencies	for	this	position	were	service	oriented	along	with	team	work	and	collaboration.	
The	functional	competencies	include	verbal	and	written	communication	skills,	organizational	awareness,	
conflict	resolution	and	also	being	diverse.	Also	acquired	leadership	skills	along	with	strategic	planning	
and	performance	management	skills.		
	

	
Summer	Project	Intern																			Mishra	Dhatu	Nigam	Limited																																																						May	2014	–	June2014	
• As	a	Summer	Intern	my	role	was	to	get	involved	with	the	functionalities	of	the	plant	in	various	facilities	
and	to	make	a	detailed	report	about	the	manufacturing	techniques	and	functionality	of	facilities	
involved	in	manufacturing	of	the	product	from	the	scratch	
	

		

A CADEMIC	PROJECTS		
	
Data	Mining	of	different	factors	affecting	low	birth-weight	amongst	newborn:	-	Defined	a	mining	problem	by	
choosing	publically	available	data	set	and	mined	the	data	using	popular	mining	algorithms	
Smart	library	dynamic	access	policies:		-	Implemented	a	web-application	which	focuses	on	the	smart	library	system	
that	allocates	the	books	and	access	policies	like	user	rating,	number	of	copies	available,	preferred	author	etc.	During	
implementation	the	concepts	of	system	analysis	and	design	which	significantly	contributed	to	the	development	of	
the	model	were	applied.	There	are	numerous	potential	directions	for	future	work.	
Students	Lifeline:	-	Implemented	an	integrated	web-application	with	in	the	NJIT’s	student	portal	to	fetch	the	
data	about	the	accommodation,	roommates	etc.	The	data	is	fetched	from	different	social	media	websites	and	
real-estate	database	websites.	A	GAP	model	was	also	implemented	to	identify	the	gaps	between	the	customer	
expectations	and	the	actual	services	provided	at	different	stages	of	delivery	
	
Awards	and	Acknowledgements		
	
Optimization	of	phase	jump	angle	of	series	active	power	filter	(ISSN:	2319-6890):	-	This	research	journal	deals	with	the	
optimization	of	phase	jump	angle	of	series	active	power	filter	by	using	particle	swarm	optimization	technique	and	series	
active	power	filter	compensates	supply	voltages	and	harmonics	in	a	view	such	they	do	not	reach	at	the	load	end	with	
very	low	THD	in	load	voltage	
Characterization	of	power	quality	assets	through	wavelets	(ISSN:	2277-1582):	-	The	journal	deals	with	the	power	
quality	which	is	mainly	defined	by	disturbances	associated	with	voltage.	The	power	quality	has	vast	number	of	assets,	
mainly	important	and	frequently	occurring	disturbances	are	considered	in	this	paper	
	
	
Languages	and	Technologies		
		

		

		

		

Tableau,	C,	C++,	Angular	JS,	CSS,	Java	Script,	HTML,	Matlab,	MS-Visio,	Axure,	Swift,	java	

•

		
		

\n
LINDA LARSEN

(408) 773-8718 sadiya@att.net
https://www.linkedin.com/in/linda-larsen-7247775

OBJECTIVE
DOCUMENT CONTROL professional with a passion for the rigors of document control seeking a position in a high tech,
pharmaceutical or medical device company.

SUMMARY – WORK HISTORY
Over 10 years of experience in high tech start-ups, pharmaceutical, non-medical laser, and medical device industries.
Familiar with Agile, Documentum and Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) and SharePoint document
management systems.

EXPERIENCE – ACCOMPLISHMENTS
MARSEILLE NETWORKS, San Jose, CA
8/2012 – Present
Silicon Valley start-up that designed the only Technicolor 4K image certified video processing chip. The chip is
designed into HDMI video processing cables.
Document Control Specialist
• Designed and maintains the document control system using Microsoft SharePoint Lists and Libraries as the
records management system.
• Designed document control forms and wrote document control procedures.
• Review and release Engineering Change Requests (ECR) for accuracy and completeness.
• Route and track ECR’s through the process.
• Scan and process ECR records for addition to SharePoint records management storage.
• Designed and maintain multiple SharePoint Lists and Libraries such as Customer Orders (used to track
customer purchase orders), Sales Order Acknowledgements (track sales order acknowledgments), Purchase
Orders (track purchase orders placed by Marseille), Returned Material Authorization (track returned
materials through process), etc.
• Other duties:
o Create UPC bar codes using GS1 US system
o Write procedures for product test, purchasing, returned material authorization (RMA), etc.
o Edit documents; datasheets, release notes, marketing documents, procedures
o Test silicon chip and cable products
o Create and maintain sample cable records
o Maintain accounts payable information
o Arrange shipping of chips and cables using UPS, FedEx and DHL
AEROTEK reporting to CIRTEC, Los Gatos, CA
Part-time temporary position reporting to a small medical device company
Document Control Specialist
• Scan and process quality records for off-site record storage.
• Review and release Engineering Change Notices including updating master files.
• Update employee training records in StartOps program.

5/2012 – 7/2012

LOS GATOS RESEARCH, Mountain View, CA
9/2009 – 1/2011
Manufacturer of high performance analyzers
Operations Manager (individual contributor)
Responsible for the creation and planning of manufacturing and test schedules for scientific instruments, created sales
orders, arranged domestic and international shipments, planned blanket purchase orders and purchased components,
and entered data, including creation of bills of materials, in the Parts & Vendors (P&V) database.

LINDA LARSEN
NEWPORT CORPORATON, San Jose, CA
10/2007 – 10/2009
Legacy of Bookham and Oclaro.
Global supplier of innovative optical and laser components and advanced technology products and solutions
Document Control Specialist III
Responsible for document control activities including system conversion from a manual document control process to
the product lifecycle management (PLM) system, Agile ver. 9.2.2, performed group and one-on-one training of Agile
users, and created new ISO 9001 compliant procedures. Wrote multiple FDA product and annual reports for nonmedical lasers. Member of data transition team for conversion of document control data from Agile ver. 9.2.2 system
to SAP (post sale of division to Newport Corp).
• Key member of Agile conversion team for the migration of data from the manual process to Agile PLM.
Determined the Agile system requirements and the appropriate business process.
• Created multiple Agile advanced searches and reports; allowing for faster change order review and increased
accuracy of reviews. Advanced searches and reports were available to all users.
• Wrote Agile user guidelines, performed Agile group and individual training sessions for system users in both
the U.S. and China. Established accounts for new Agile users based on training and permissions required.
• Reviewed Engineering Change Orders (ECO) for completeness and accuracy in both the old manual system
and the new Agile system. Noted issues and returned the ECOs to their originators for correction.
• Routed ECOs for approval in both the manual and Agile systems. Chaired the change control board meetings
used for the manual change order process.
• Wrote multiple ISO 9001 compliant Document Control procedures. Passed ISO 9001 audit without a single
finding.
• Updated Fourth Shift Materials Requirements Planning (MRP) database post ECO approval.
• Requested to complete document control activities for the Agile to SAP conversion project after resignation.
• Worked with Newport IT department personnel to properly map the data fields in Agile to the appropriate
fields in SAP.
• Reviewed Engineering Change Orders (ECO) for completeness and accuracy in the Agile system prior to the
data move to SAP. Documented issues and returned the ECOs to their originators for correction prior to
conversion. Completed 99% of ECOs prior to system conversion.
• Wrote multiple FDA product reports (21 CFR 1040.10) for Class IIIb and Class IV lasers and wrote FDA annual
reports.
JOHNSON & JOHNSON
1/2004 – 10/2007
Scios, Inc. and ALZA Corporation, Fremont and Mountain View, CA
Document Control Associate III
10/2006 – 10/2007
Responsible for document control activities including system conversions and procedure updates. Wrote validation
report to current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMPs) requirements.
• Exempt position (Document Control Associate III).
• In response to mergers and facility closures, participated in two consecutive data migrations moving
controlled document legacy system to current system.
• Witnessed validation testing and wrote system conversion validation report, cGMP compliant, for document
management system conversion.
• Modified document control procedures to comply with electronic document management system.
• Identified, organized and coordinated records for off-site record storage. Created an Excel spreadsheet of
files and updated the off-site record management system in accordance with policies.
Kelly Services at ALZA Corporation and ALZA Corp, Mountain View, CA
Document Control Assistant III – Temporary to Regular Position
1/2004 – 8/2006
Responsible for processing analytical records in compliance with ALZA policies, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs)
and current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMPs).
• Logged analytical requests into an Access database and/or Laboratory Information Management System
(LIMS) database. Identified limitations in LIMS database and provided input to possible database changes.
2

•
•
•

LINDA LARSEN
Processed analytical data files by recording receipt, labeling, scanning, binding, filing and entering
information in Access and/or LIMS databases.
Identified, organized and coordinated records for off-site record storage. Created Excel spreadsheets of files
and updated the off-site record management system in accordance with ALZA policies.
Located, retrieved, organized and labeled analytical records for FDA, European Preapproval Inspections (PAI)
and partner audits. Created Excel spreadsheets of records for the inspection or audit. Collated and organized
staff training records for the inspection or audit.

CANESTA, INC., San Jose, CA
Manager of Configuration Management
7/2002 – 11/2003
Responsible for document control activities at a new startup company which included establishing the new process,
creating an electronic archive of files, authoring and reviewing Engineering Change Request (ECR) and Engineering
Change Order (ECO) packages, identifying and resolving problems with documentation, and chairing the Change
Control Board (CCB) meetings.
• Established document control processes that included development of new forms and the creation
of an ECR/ECO tracking system using Excel spreadsheets. Released documentation was available in
PDF format to all personnel with a connection to the server thus increasing efficiency.
• Issued new part numbers, controlled drawings, procedures, specifications, datasheets, test reports,
release notes and electronic files for mechanical, electronic, and optical components, chip design
files, software, schematic and Gerber files.
• Trained personnel on the new Document Control process so the process would operate smoothly.
• Processed ECRs and ECOs by holding CCB meetings, routing packages for approval and subsequently
updating the part number database (including hyperlinks to the released documents). Printed
copies of documents were placed in product binders and electronic files were archived. This allowed
immediate access to released documents both electronically and physically through the use of the
product binders. Also maintained a master paper file of printed documents.
• Served as the chairman of Change Control Board. This required scheduling meetings, preparing an
agenda and moderating the meeting discussions.
• Performed comparisons of Bills of Materials, Gerber file printouts, schematics, assembly procedures,
and assembly drawings for accuracy and completeness. Wrote ECRs and ECOs to correct errors
found as a result of the reviews.
• Created Specification Control Documents (SCD) for off-the-shelf components. This required
searching the Web for datasheets from the manufacturers of the off-the-shelf items and converting
the manufacturer datasheets into PDF format using Adobe Acrobat.
• Wrote FDA initial product reports for non-medical laser products.
• Conducted in-process testing of the product.
• As the relief receptionist, answered phone calls, took messages, signed for incoming packages, and
arranged for lunches.
INTEGRATED TELECOM EXPRESS, San Jose, CA
Document Control Manager
10/2001 – 5/2002
Company liquidated.
Responsible for document control activities which include establishing an electronic archive of software drivers and
manufacturing documents, and authoring and reviewing Engineering Change Notice (ECN) packages.
• Wrote Quality Assurance and Document Control processes with the intent to comply with ISO 9001
requirements.
• Performed comparison of Bills of Materials (BOM) and schematics for circuit boards to ensure
components designed in the schematic appear on the BOM. Wrote ECNs to correct the errors
identified.
• Processed ECNs by routing for approval and subsequently updating the part number database,
history files and electronic archive.
• Established product history binders, created document history folders and organized software driver
master CDs.

3

•

LINDA LARSEN
Created complete product binders including schematics, user guides, and software for the marketing
department. These binders were one of the products.

NEW FOCUS, INC., San Jose, CA
Document Control Manager
7/1996 – 8/2001
Responsible for document control activities that included updating Material Requirements Planning (MRP) database,
processing related documents, and reviewing Engineering Change Order (ECO) packaged for completeness and
accuracy. Wrote document control processes that allowed ISO 9001 certification.
• Wrote ECO and other document control processes to comply with ISO 9001 requirements. These
processes helped obtain ISO 9001 certification.
• Served as chairman of the Change Review Board that required scheduling and moderating meetings.
• Processed ECOs by updating MRP database and controlling various documents including drawings,
procedures, software, fabrication files, and part specifications.
• Served as a Certified ISO 9001 – 2000 internal auditor. Wrote ISO 9001 audit checklists and
performed audits of various departments within the company.
• Filed numerous annual reports and laser product reports with the FDA for non-medical laser
products.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Animal Science, California State Polytechnic University, San Luis Obispo, CA
Graduated with honors (cum laude)
Applications: Microsoft Office, Adobe Acrobat, Microsoft Access, Agile ver. 9.2.2, LIMS database, Microsoft
SharePoint and MRP systems
Additional Training: Agile ver. 9.2.2, Documentum ver. 5.2.5, and PharmDoc document management systems

VOLUNTEER ACTIVITIES
Associated Obedience Clubs of Northern California (AOCNC) – past president, vice president, board member and
volunteer at various club events
Santa Clara Dog Training Club (SCDTC) – past board member, current club representative to AOCNC club, organized
and staffed many Rally Obedience trial events and continue to volunteer at various club events

4

\n
Igor Spektor
Mobile:
(720) 440-2276
Email: ispektor92@gmail.com
SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER
SUMMARY:
∙Hands-on experience in testing web and mobile software applications
∙Results-driven QA Tester with substantial success in managing quality across all deliverables
∙Possess an in-depth knowledge of quality standards and practices
∙Good grasp of testing methodologies
∙Good knowledge of Agile model of software development life cycle
∙Finely attuned to software testing needs and sensibilities
∙Develop solid test documentation including test plans, test suites, test cases, test matrices
∙Write easy-to-reproduce bug reports and monitor their status until satisfactory resolution
∙Passionate about Software Quality
∙Enjoy working as a part of a result-driven team
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Platforms:
Windows 7/8/10, Mac OS X
Mobile platforms:
Android, iOS, Windows Phone
Programming:
HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript, SQL
Networking:
TCP/IP, FTP, HTTP, Internet, Intranet,
Bug Tracking:
Bugzilla, Mantis, JIRA, VersionOne
Virtualization:
VMware, Virtual Box
Browsers:
Chrome, Firefox, MSIE, Safari, Edge, Opera
MS Office, aLogcat, Mobizen, Microsoft Expression, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, CharlesProxy,
FileZilla, Android Studio, Xcode, Jenkins, Confluence, Slack, Vysor, Postman
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Mobile QA Tester, LegalZoom, Los Angeles, CA
08/16-Present
Project: Native mobile application for estate planning
∙Testing native mobile application on Android and iOS devices in Agile Environment
∙End to end Functionality and GUI testing of the program during every sprint
∙Cross Platform testing different functionality of an application: Login, Signup, Profile Settings Units, etc. against
website
∙Verifying API calls in Android studio and Xcode and providing detailed logs to developers with errors
∙Run Regression testing making sure that software changes have no unintended side effects or broken behavior
during new functions developing and bug fixing phases
∙Helping automation testers with feedback and explanations on flows and functionality of the software
∙Write Test Suite in Gherkin for software automation
∙Continuously updating testing documentation with new stories and detailed test cases on given requirements
∙Providing QA feedback and using VersionOne for reporting and monitoring of bug life cycle
∙Participating in Daily teams stand ups, sprints grooming and retro sessions as well as other Scram ceremonies
Mobile QA Tester, ValleyTek Solutions, San Jose, CA
08/14-08/16
Project: Social network application for marketers, software developers, digital artists, etc.
∙Testing Web and Mobile versions on PC, Android and iOS platforms
∙Participate in testing in all stages of Software Development Life Cycle
∙Creating detailed test cases for functionality, security, regression, release acceptance
∙Performing Functional, Regression GUI, Usability, Boundary testing

∙Verifying fixed bugs in new releases to make sure that software changes have no unintended side effects or broken

application behavior during bug fixing phase
∙Performed unit testing, integration testing, regression testing and multi browser testing using web standards in
agile/scrum environment. Created keyword driven and data driven test cases for testing mobile applications and
mobile web
∙Utilizing Bugzilla to report software issues and monitor their resolution status
∙Communicating with QA lead and other team members on regular basis to maintain focus of testing effort as well
as discussing new features and functionalities
∙Develop new test cases as new features are added and changes to the requirements document are made, run
regression test cases
∙Knowledge about Charles dubbing, logged the defect using iPhone configurability Utility and itunes and optimized
the performance tunes on the apps for iOS, and used SDK-Android debugging Bridge (ADB) for Androids (Catlog) and used snip tools, and fire bug for .com testing.
∙Participating in daily and weekly scrum meetings via GoToMeeting
∙Working closely with QA manager, developers, and project manager to ensure software testing procedures are
implemented appropriately
Project: A native mobile application for event planning and management
∙Testing of the application on Android and iOS platforms in Agile environment
∙Testing multiple versions of a software
∙Run localization testing for unique geographical location
∙Performing application compatibility testing with different hardware configurations, Google maps and FourSquare
integration
∙Conducting Functionality and GUI testing of Ride Sharing Unit of the program
∙Testing different functionalities of an application: Login, Signup, Profile Settings Units, etc.
∙Native app testing in Android & IOS platforms on real and icloud devices using Device Anywhere Mobile.
∙Run Regression testing making sure that software changes have no unintended side effects or broken application
behavior during bug fixing phase
∙Utilized AGILE methodology, for constructing test plans, test scenarios, test cases, and summaries based off
software requirement Specifications.
∙Continuously updating testing documentation with detailed test cases on given requirements
∙Providing QA feedback and using Bugzilla for reporting and monitoring
∙Working with off-site quality assurance team to coordinate testing
Web Designer, Ispektor.com, Los Angeles, CA
2010 – 2014
∙Developed websites, creating HTML and CSS code, designing graphics and displaying a comprehensive
understanding of directory structures and FTP protocols
∙Managed multiple projects simultaneously, designed, developed and testing websites for functionality,
performance, stability and load time
∙Promoted quality through conducting thorough testing for email forms and video players
∙Introduced new website code
∙Interacted with offshore team and Developers in requirement analysis, design reviews, testing and documentation
for application developed in agile environment.
∙Executed regression testing processes to determine functionality
∙Interacted with Business Analyst and Developers in requirement analysis, design reviews, testing and
documentation for application developed in agile environment.
∙Overseen networking and security, monitored access, identified issues and recommended workable solutions for
complex problems
2004 – 2010
2002 – 2004

Financial Analyst, Citibank, Los Angeles, CA
Financial Planner, Mony Life Insurance, Los Angeles, CA

EDUCATION:
Software Quality Assurance, Portnov – Silicon Valley, Los Altos, CA
Graphic Design and Web Development, ICDC College, Los Angeles, CA
AA in Business Finance, University of Phoenix, Los Angeles, CA
Cisco courses, Los Angeles City College, Los Angeles, CA
REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

\n
MANMOHAN UTTARWAR
MOB# 785-317-0071
USA.MANMOHAN@GMAIL.COM
SUMMARY:

GREEN CARD HOLDER
NEW YORK, NY, 10020

12+ years of IT experience in design, development & maintenance of OO, Core Java, Swing, C#, WPF, Python, etc.
10+ years in Financial Services, Banking & Capital Markets industry in Front Office E-Trading technology
application development & leading in areas such as Cash Equities, FX, Fixed Income & Derivatives, CFA L-1
business understanding with 8+ years Lead hands-on Project/Application management experience in SDLC
activities, Agile, Scrum, DevOps including Req. Spec Analysis, Design, Development (Coding, Testing,
Deployment) & Implementation at the client sites with emphasis on Object-Oriented (D/M), solutions, etc. for
applications in Core JAVA and beyond.

EDUCATION: Masters in Software Engineering
Kansas State University, Manhattan, KS
CERTIFICATION:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Bachelor of Engineering
Nagpur University, India

Diploma in Software Development
NIIT, India

SUN certified & Brain Bench Certified Programmer for Java 2 Platform 1.4 (SCJP 2) & Java 1.6 (in Progress)
CFA Level II Candidate
Brain Bench certified for DBMS.
Wall Street Business and Financial Technology Certified
Series 7 for General Securities FINRA Certification as Registered Representative (in Progress)
Series 72 for Government Securities FINRA Certification as Limited Representative for US Treasuries Government Securities, Agency Securities & Agency-backed Mortgage Securities (in Progress)

EXPERIENCE:
AMERICAN SOFTWARE
(May 2012 to Present)
New York, NY
CLIENT: HSBC Securities – Global Banking & Markets - Front Office - Sr. Java Financial Developer
FX Cash & Derivatives, Commodities & Metals IT, e-Treasury
Remittance Settling, a multi-billion-dollar business for institutional and retail trading across 30 different currencies
in 5 continental markets like Americas, Europe, Africa, APAC & Oceania for various FX exposures, hedging, risk
mitigation, for fixed income, equities, commodities asset classes and also for plain FX cross currency dealings.
Usage of various internal systems HSBCNet & external B-2-B trading systems fed all institutional & retail FX
orders for carrying daily FX trading business. Additionally, Bloomberg Adapter fed relevant futures trades into
New Front Office System (NFOS) for trading, settlement & booking purposes. Provided trade support for Traiana
Adapter GUI.
• Led multiple hands-on Java 1.6 / 1.7 based coding / development projects with a global team based in New
York, London, Hong Kong, Canada, China, etc. with a team size of overall 10 to 15 resources involved from
developers, BA, support and reporting into Global business & IT heads.
• Worked with Global head of FX-RS business team, FX traders, Business Analysts, Prod Support, etc. regularly
& consistently to come-up with business requirements that affected institutional flow business as well as direct
retail business in an agile environment following a DevOps model.
• Led the coding effort to migrate Bloomberg Adapter FX Futures Sybase 12.5 database onto a MS SQL Server
database & achieved enhanced database performance & modified, optimized requisite SQL Scripts, stored
procedures, dependent Java & JDBC In-line code to work seamlessly on newly ported database.
• Optimized, refactored, re-configured and re-designed Java 1.6 / 1.7 logic using inconsistencies found in UI
trade flows into Murex 3.1 for Bloomberg Adapter that filtered Bond futures FX trades.
• Created, built, enhanced remittance settling SWIFT MT103 conforming validation rules to process FX trades
across 30 currencies & multiple markets using Java, Swift, MQ via GMG (group message gateway), GFIX,
prop market data & pricing via flexrate, flowing to FXP, GPS for end to end payment processing & settlements.
• Performed Unit & regression testing for each release bound requirement through localized & UAT Envs.
• Utilized & setup RTC & GIT repositories, RTC based issue tracking & JIRA items for priority & task
assignments, POM configs for resources linkage, maven builds, Continuous integration using auto builds.
• Worked on restoring the Traiana Adapter GUI build in Swing that filtered NFOS trades using certain trade
criteria to database & its access via Swing UI screens.
Environment: Core Java 1.7/1.6, Spring 3.3, MQ Series, JMS 1.1, FIX 4.2, SWIFT MT103, Murex 3.1, MS Visio,
GIT, Stash, XML, RTC Version Control, Maven, Subversion (SVN), Scrum, MS SQL Server, Sybase IQ 15,
SQuirreL SQL, Aqua Data Studio, MS Visio, Jira, Confluence, Agile Development Programming / Test Driven
Development (TDD) / Scripts (Shell, PERL), Unix / Linux
CLIENT: WELLS FARGO - FX Derivatives - Pricing & Valuations, Market Risk, CVA
(FX-Options, FX-Forwards, Swaps) for FX Risk Services – Sr. Java Financial Developer

Page 1 of 6

Pricing and Valuation of various FX-Option types including different flavors of FX Vanilla Options, FX Asian
Options, FX Barrier Option, etc for calculating firms Portfolio value, evaluating Risk exposure and hedging it to
create a Risk-Free Portfolio daily & mitigating Counter Party Credit Risk and for the CVA / DVA calculations, etc
• Worked daily with a team of 6 FX Quants for portfolio pricing and valuation of 20 different currency pair trades
between FENICS and proprietary FIX Quant library.
• Lead team of 12 developers & interfaced with 6 Quants to drive various efforts on pricing & valuation for FX
Options.
• Performed End-To End Portfolio Testing verify Model based pricing v/s vendor product pricing differences &
resolved various coding, logical, market data and quant library issues by working with FX Quants to compress
those variances for over 20 currency pairs.
• Created NPVLoader process for all books including & beyond G-10 currency combinations and compared it
against the FENICS PV report for valuations purposes and to prime & source via Oracle 11g DB & Coherence
Cache Cluster like FX Positions data, FX Contract data, FX Trade data, etc
• Optimized, refactored, re-configured, genericized and re-designed various FX Vanilla, FX-Asian, FX-Barrier
option pricing code by making it more performance intensive by reducing the calculation time for a portfolio of
all books by a factor of 20 using buffers, appropriate cache calls, finding code inconsistencies, etc.
• Created a Trade publish, JMX Mbean to be routed from an alternate environment.
• Created various JMX jobs to bring in Market Data like Spots (Intraday, closing), Volatility Surfaces and source
Calypso rate curves, Cure IR curves into various Fenics envs.
• For FX Vanilla Options, working directly with multiple Quants to create an American Option pricing coded,
verified against proprietary FX Analytics & Quant library.
• Built the FX Asian option fixings, flipped fixings and Spothistory code for appropriate pricing and valuation
from the Analytics and Quant library.
• Built & created various Fenics database scripts for backup, restore, config setup, redirect market data to pull
most recent data for pricing & valuation purposes between various environments.
• Setup, Refactored, reconfigured various Spring and Hibernate config files to optimize flows.
Environment: Core Java 1.7/1.6, Spring 3.2, Hibernate, FENICS 12.1, JMX Plus 2.0, Oracle 11g, Coherence
Cache, MS Visio, Maven, Subversion (SVN), Scrum, MySQL, Aqua Data Studio, Sybase 12.5, Jira, Agile
Development Programming / Test Driven Development (TDD) / JUnit, Scripts (Shell, PERL), Unix / Linux, Data
Synapse Grid, Autosys, Confluence, Symphony Galaxy EQD Viewer, GXL
CLIENT: MORGAN STANLEY – PRIME BROKERAGE
Morgan Stanley Portfolio Performance Measurement (MSPM – MSSB) – Fund Services
Sr. Java Financial Consultant – (Institutional Services Group Technology – Multi-Asset)
Build Morgan Stanley’s Grid Performance Calculations Engine with 800+ metrics for Prime Brokerage Institutional
clients trading in High volume & holding large positions per account of equities, etfs, bonds, derivatives, etc and
port it to the MSSB retail business application currently on multiple mainframe systems to a single distributed
system. Key issues like Metrics, Volume, Data & Reporting were addressed.
• Evaluated technical architecture for existing Morgan Stanley’s Portfolio Performance metrics for Institutional
clients & building a system for Smith Barney’s Retail Performance metrics.
• Gathered technical requirements for MSPM application & built metrics & strategies by coordinating with
business users both for equity securities, etfs, & fixed income instruments including bonds, interest rates, etc.
• Application development in Java 1.5 / Java SE 1.6 for servicing Prime Brokerage Fund Services clients like
MSSB and built their retail Portfolio Performance measurement metrics.
• Built a distributed caching system using Gemfire 6.5 to evaluate performance of Calcs with 5-6 TB of data.
• Improved n-tier application performance for data access using Gemfire 6.5 caching in HA mode, configuring
cache.xml with various setting like replicate, persistent, etc & stored data on regions via key/value mapping &
also compared similar performance patterns for 10+ industry prevalent caching solutions like MemcacheD, etc.
• Created new & modified old Sybase and DB2 DPF schemas, Stored procedures, views & functions.
• Perforce for version control was used for majority of the source code maintenance.
• Worked on Test Driven Development approach for new code and wrote JUnit tests for the existing code in
Java 6 especially adapting & making it Spring 3.0 compatible using Autowired & Spring Config setups.
Environment: Core Java 1.7/1.6/1.5, Spring 3.0, MQ Series, JMS, Adobe Flex, Ivy dependencies, Distributed
Caching with Gemfire 6.5 / MemCacheD, distributed computing, SQL Server Data Modeler, Visio, Perforce, DB2
DPF, Sybase 12.5 using DB Artisan tool for Sybase & DB2 DPF, Agile Programming / Test Driven Development
(TDD) / JUnit, Scripts (Shell, PERL), Unix / Linux., Zookeeper, Leela Component Mgmt, DB Artisan, Rapid SQL
PACIFIC INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY – PIMCO (Sept. 10 to Feb 11)
New York, NY
Portfolio Management – PIMCO Global EqS Pathfinder Strategy (Institutional Equities – Front office)

Page 2 of 6

Equities Capital Market – Equities Technology (Electronic Trading),
V.P / Lead Sr. Financial Developer – Equities Technology
• Designed, developed, maintained & supported the applications and reports for Global Equity Pathfinder Deep
Value, distressed asset and Mergers & Acquisition (M&A) based investment strategy for PIMCO Portfolio
Managers / Traders managing their equity fund ($1.6 billion) using Bloomberg-Anywhere (BBA) electronic
trading systems through BDS, against standard benchmarks(BENC) using different MODELs, each focusing on
multiple strategies and executing trades using Bloomberg EMSX when rebalancing portfolios, sending block
trades / orders to multiple markets across North America (US, Canada), Europe - London & Asia - SGP / HK.
• Gathered technical requirements for fund and Portfolio strategies by coordinating with business users such as
portfolio managers, head traders, trade assistants to service their global equities needs using Python 2.6 scripts
and fetching data from Oracle 11g and Sybase tables.
• Designed a data model using Oracle SQL Server Data Modeler to store / retrieve trade data for Portfolio
Manager’s strategies into the Sybase & Oracle database tables.
• Developed a front office process for PMs, traders and trade assistants that showed Portfolio profit and loss
(PnL) changes due to daily price variations using Sybase, Oracle and Python.
• Designed, developed and maintained a daily market value reconciliation tool for front and middle office that
showed trade date and settlement date cash differences.
• Application development in Java 1.5 / Java SE 1.6 for servicing Equities Portfolio manager and trader data
needs and worked towards Swing UI for their daily data access.
• Conceptualized & designed process for tracking BENC changes for portfolio performance over time for
MODELs created by traders, PMs, etc using Bloomberg Anywhere.
• Worked on PyCharm 1.1 IDE for writing Python 2.6 compliant scripts to create Market Value reconciliation
daily reports to verify trade date cash differences as seen in Bloomberg systems and firms back office SMARTS
systems for middle office to compare and provide recap of available cash to traders.
• Due to multiple databases plugged into different systems, stored procedures, functions, and views in Sybase
using iSQL & Oracle 11g were developed.
Environment: JSE 1.6/1.5, Java, Python 2.6 using IDE PyCharm 1.1, C#, WPF, SQL Server Data Modeler, Visio,
Perforce, Sybase, iSQL tool for Sybase, Oracle 11g, agile Programming methodologies, Bloomberg Anywhere
(BBA) trading system (OMS / EMSX), scripts (Shell, PERL)
CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO / SECURITIES
(Nov. 07 – Jun. 10)
New York, NY
OATS – Order Audit Trail System (Institutional Cash Equities – Front office)
Equities (Capital Market) – Front Office Technology
Lead Java Developer – Equities ITD
• Designed, developed, maintained & managed the FINRA mandated OATS for Cantor’s Cash Equities division
to integrate the Audit Trail of orders, quotes & trade information for (OTC) NASDAQ securities to correctly
match & report the two sides of the orders processed through different stages in a trail like New Orders and
different records ( Desk, Route, Execution, Replace, Cancel reports) in order to comply and monitor the trading
practices of member firms. Order feeds came in from Program & Algo Trading desk ( Portfolio Trading /
Portfolio Manager ) Fidessa(FTW) Order Management System (OMS), Fidessa(FTW) Execution Management
System (EMS), orders (NMS) processed through FIX Engine (STP), Bloomberg systems, etc & consolidated
after processing through Firm’s OATS compliance engine & sent to FINRA on a daily basis.
• Led a team of 10+ people ranging from co-ordinating with traders, business analyst, compliance & technology
resources to make sure the firm complied to FINRA guidelines for OATS purposes.
• Led and extensively interfaced / interacted with multiple external teams from non member clients, members,
broker dealers, ECNs and exchanges to enhance existing features, resolve complex business issues contributing
towards OATS breaks.
• Developed, delivered & managed applications to conform to firm’s obligations towards market regulations for
OATS addressed to senior management, compliance, technology, operations, systems & trading for various
FINRA releases & enhancements.
• Application development was in Java 1.5 / Java SE 1.6 of the Equities Cash IT Compliance systems including
OATS, ACT, OTS, and Bluesheets and possessed knowledge of the compliance rules associated with Cash
Equities Trading (NMS) like OATS, ACT, Reg Sho, Rule 92, Manning rule, etc.
• Designed iteratively and conceptualized multiple software requirements using Visio tool for UML methodology
like Use Cases, Object & Sequence diagrams for a multi-tiered Instituitional Cash Equities System that
interfaced / depended on Fidessa Order Management System / Execution Management System (OMS / EMS)
for trade data provisioned from front office users (Sales traders, head traders, traders, trade support).
• Effectively utilized and implemented other GoF design patterns like flyweight, singleton, factory method, etc to
organize & modularize source code and design patterns like MVC, business delegate, DAO, etc .

Page 3 of 6

•

Extracted, formatted and segregated data from Program & Algo Trading (Portfolio Trading & Portfolio
Manager) desk systems, scheduled tasks for uploads onto MS SQL Server 2000 / 2005 using local packages,
stored procedures, views in MS SQL, etc.
• Built, enhanced, maintained & complied to FINRA requirements for OATS reporting by creating proprietary
JAVA parsers like FidessaOATSParser( Fidessa Montage ), PTDOATSParser(Program & Algo Trading) and
TEAMOATSParser (Manual Orders) all using J2SE 1.5 and Java SE 1.6.
• IntelliJ 7.05 IDE as development environment using client and remote server dynamic debugging with Perforce
for version control was used.
• Due to multiple databases plugged into different systems, Stored Procedures, functions, and views in Sybase,
Oracle 11i & MS SQL using Embarcadero Rapid SQL 7.3 & MS SQL Server 2000 / 2005 with extensive use of
callable & prepared statements embedded within various Javabeans and other classes.
Environment: J2SE 1.4.14/1.5, Java, UML using Rational Rose, Visio, Perforce, XML, JUnit, JDBC 2.x, Sybase,
MS SQL using SQL Server 2000 / 2005, Embarcadero Rapid SQL tool for Sybase, IDE IntelliJ 7.05 , agile
Programming methodologies, scripts(Shell, PERL), Fidessa OMS / EMS
International Trading – Belzberg Institutional Execution / Order Management System
Division: Equities Capital Market - Institutional
• Created the ability for International trading desk in New York to trade securities on Canadian bourses through
its US local & satellite offices in Canada for all its European Institutional client orders in Canadian securities
but all orders routed via its subsidiary Cantor Fitzgerald Europe in London for various business reasons. The
Belzberg Institutional OMS collects orders and blocks from any Belzberg connection, aggregates and allocate
clients' and traders' orders in real time, Internalize flow and slice orders from one screen, accept or bust orders
at any point, designate trade instructions, chat live with clients, assigns a set of rules and applies those rules to
route or capture the order & apply filters.
• Global exposure in co-ordinating with traders, business analysts and technology resources scattered in multiple
markets including United States, Canada, Europe and Asia. (New York, Toronto, London, Hong Kong )
• Led a (end-2-end) a team of traders, middle office and back office resources to create trading universe (front -2back office) for process executions w.r.t international trading for data processing on a high frequency low
latency, smart order routed (SOR), TSX connected OMS for International Trading desk.
• Extensive used Stored Proc functions, views in Sybase using Embarcadero Rapid SQL 7.3 with focus on
leveraging the use of callable & prepared statements.
• Developed & enhanced TicketWriter a J2SE 1.5 / Java SE 1.6 & SWING UI intensive multi-threading and
synchronization specific low level component based multi screen data driven application for assigning client
inventories, commissions, specified settlement dates, allocation of fills, identify outstanding / completed trader
tickets, keep order history, etc. considering SWING strengths & limitations and still giving users virtually
smoother transitions.
• Established a FIX drop copy session using FIX Protocol 4.2 with Belzberg OMS for realtime archiving of the
trading activity so that Cantor’s back office can look at the raw trades before settlement data was made
available the next day in Penson systems
• Accomplished the use of Shell and Perl scripts to run CronJobs for Auto Scheduling and Autosys for process
dependency and time triggered task management.
• Established, installed & enabled the firm’s clearing and settlement agent for all Canadian trading with Penson
Financial Services which also maintains trade books and records.
Environment: J2SE 1.4.14/1.5 / 1.6, Java, Swing, IDE IntelliJ 7.05, UML, Visio, Perforce, XML, JUnit, JDBC 2.x,
Sybase, FIX Protocol 4.2, Embarcadero Rapid SQL for Sybase, scripts(Shell, PERL), Belzberg OMS / EMS
StockLoan
• Cantor Fitzgerald’s Equity Finance Group integrated US Domestic & International securities lending with
Derivative Finance and Structured Products to provide customers with powerful solutions to all their securities
lending and financing needs.
• All Equity professionals dedicated to trading specialized products in the global markets, provided customers
with analytical approach a detailed insight into critical market factors such as supply/demand, liquidity,
borrowing/lending rates, dividend and corporate action entitlements and a wide range of transaction structures.
• The system interfaced with Sungard’s LoaNet, enabled the user to create tickets for borrows and loans, to create
turn-arounds, perform rate changes, display credit limit for brokers, monitor unmatched deals, all returns, entire
daily activities and store data for historical purposes.
Environment: J2SE 1.5 / 1.6, JEE, JSP, Servlets, IDE IntelliJ 7.05, UML using Visio, Perforce, XML, JDBC 2.x,
Sybase, FIX Protocol 4.2, Embarcadero Rapid SQL for Sybase, PERL scripts, Tomcat, Junit

Page 4 of 6

Securities Lending / EzToBorrow
• Cantor’s Securities Lending Desk focused on hedging activities and Short Sales within the Equities market
space identifying and connecting lenders and borrowers to maximize opportunities.
• Compliance application interfacing with our order management system identifying stocks that are Easy To
Borrow, meaning the firm has at least 500,000 shares of inventory and is not contained within any threshold list.
Environment: VB .NET, ASP.NET, MS SQL Server 2005 / 2008, Visual Studio 2008, Sybase, Visio, Perforce,
Excel Suite, Embarcadero Rapid SQL for Sybase
WELLINGTON MANAGEMENT
(Nov. 06 – Nov. 07)
Boston / Marlborough, MA
Investment Systems - Global Trading System (GTS) – (HDS) Historical Data
Senior Java, Swing Consultant via Technoseva Incorporated
• Fixed Income (FI) trading desk (NYSE / NASDAQ), co-located in Boston and London (FTSE) office,
interfaces with Bloomberg and Calypso for analytical data, executed approx. 200,000 trades totaling over $700
billion for long term debt electronically through TradeWeb and MarketAxess. Traders, head trader, portfolio
managers and Global Execution Services team needed access to information telling them when, what, with
whom, and at what relative level these trades executed and Trade History, assisted trader while trading this
bond, issuer, or sector again, head trader aggregated it when dealing with brokerage firms providing information
as to how well the dealer competes for trades, to GES for best execution, provided context for trade analysis,
retention & ability to perform ad-hoc analysis also improved execution capabilities & helped for account
position reconciliation. Issues addressed: insufficient capture of relevant trade and contextual information at
trade execution, difficulty with capture of this information, inability to effectively access trade data for future
execution analysis; help log trade specific information in electronic format and to allow access through single
interface like trade blotter or through a query tool.
• Income (FI) Global Trading System that used Market Access and Trade Web and interfaced with Bloomberg to
extract execution specific information.
• Messages exchanged using FIX protocol in case of Market Axess, Bloomberg, etc for the retrieval of pricing
information to indicate trade levels & use of Calypso in the context of GTS on Equities derivatives for Swaps
like calculation of accrued interest were done.
• Continuous interaction with traders, head traders & business analysts on business requirements to gather and to
evolve into software specific ones while still mapping them to the existing trade engine to customize it onto
respective blotters or GUI screens so as to capture or display the trade execution data.
• Systematic and careful usage of Java & SWING UI specific multi-threading and synchronization concepts to
launch newer screens or update UI data across multiple screens considering SWING strengths & limitations and
still giving users virtually smoother transitions.
• Stored Procedures, functions in PL/SQL using PL/SQL Developer for Oracle 10g with extensive use of callable
& prepared statements within normal & enterprise Javabeans and other classes.
• Used Embarcadero’s Rapid SQL tool for Sybase in conjunction with Oracle 10g within the scope of Appix
Adapter that helped segregate & consolidate trade execution data from a trade basket into user specified groups
of data components for Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) team.
Environment: J2SE 1.4.2/1.5, Java SWING, JGoodies Framework, UML using Rational Rose, J2EE, EJB,
Hibernate, Weblogic 9.2 / 8.1 SP3 /, Accurev 3.2, XML, JUnit, JDBC 2.x, PL SQL Developer, Oracle 10g,
Embarcadero Rapid SQL, Sybase, with Eclipse 3.2 using agile programming methodologies.
Portfolio Manager Workstation (PMW) – (SDP) Strategic Derivatives Program
• Construction & integration of complex module for the asset allocation group, natural resources team &
derivatives strategist that needed to implement the ability in PMW to lookup the Total Return Swaps (TRS)
securities on indexed futures for Equity Derivatives & their current positions, create & update individual
authorization on these securities in units, percent of portfolios or holding qty, submit to compliance to obtain
pre-trade certification, submit to trading for executions, view open orders, etc. Scope included integration with
investment view, validation & authorizations for transaction code against open orders, view swap
characteristics, compute MV, perform compliance checks and support submission of trade basket to global
(GTS) & online (OTS) trading systems along with monitoring total return swaps submission & rejection while
notifying investment / PMW support team.
• Understood, modified & categorized the complex requirements for integration & syncing trading functionality
of total return swaps with existing infrastructure.
• Modified/Created/Compiled functional specification, readable requirements & iteratively reformed project
design of entire TR Swaps & Interest rate derivatives (Swaps & Options) module for derivatives using rational
rose UML methodologies like Use Cases, Object & Sequence diagrams & other design concepts for UI layer
with a top-down & bottom-up approach.
• Systematic and careful usage of multi-threading and synchronization concepts to update UI data across screens
considering SWING strengths & limitations.

Page 5 of 6

Environment: J2SE 1.4.2/1.5, Java SWING, JGoodies Framework, UML using Rational Rose, J2EE, EJB,
Hibernate, Weblogic 9.2 / 8.1 SP3 /, Accurev 3.2, XML, JUnit, JDBC 2.x, Oracle 10g, with Eclipse 3.2 using agile
programming methodologies.
I-SERVICES INCORPORATED
Sept. 2005 – Nov. 2006
Project: NFL Mobile Fantasy Football Video
Title: Senior Java, J2ME Consultant
Client: Gotuit Media Corp.
Woburn, MA

SKILLS:

Project: Substance Abuse Tracking System (SATS)
Client: State of Rhode Island - Dept of Corrections

Title: Senior Core / Web Java Consultant
Providence, RI

Project: Paint Palette Diagnostic (MatchStik-Toolcrib, P-PDA)
Client: X-Rite Inc

Title: Senior Core Java / Swing Developer
Boston, MA Grand Rapids-MI

Project: Humana Medicare Simulator (MediSim)
Client: Humana Health

Title: Senior Core Java / Swing Developer
Belmont, MA

STATE OF KANSAS
Project: Wind Erosion Prediction Systems (WEPS)
Client: United State Dept of Agriculture (USDA)

May 2001 – Sept 2005
Title: Computer Info. Specialist/Developer
Manhattan, KS

Project: Wind Erosion Prediction Systems (WEPS)
Client: National Science Foundation (NSF)

Title: Senior Java / J2ME Developer
Manhattan, KS

Languages: Core Java 7, 6, 5, C#, WPF, . NET, PERL 5.14, Python 3 / 2.*, C, C++, Alloy, UML, USE / OCL
Operating Systems: Win 7/Vista/XP/2K/98/95, Unix, Linux, Sun Solaris, Macintosh, Win CE,
Databases: Oracle 11g, Sybase 12.5, DB2 / DPF, MS SQL Server 2008, MySQL, SQL, PL SQL, MS Access.
J2EE Components: RMI, JNDI, JDBC2.x, XML (SAX/DOM APIs), XSLT, Servlets, JSP, EJB1.x/2.x, JMS, JTA.
Java IDE’s: IntelliJ 6.x, Eclipse Indigo/Juno, NetBeans 3.x/4.x/5.x, JBuilder3.x, IBM, JCreator,
Adv. Technologies: Spring 3.0, Hibernate, XML, XSLT, DHTML, Servlets, JSP, APACHE-TOMCAT, JavaBeans.
Version Control: CVS, Subversion, Perforce, StarTeam, AccuRev.
Others: Visual Basic 6.0, AWT, SWING (JFC), Rational Rose, MagicDraw UML 7.8, MS Visio, Extreme Prog.
TCP/IP, RMI, LDAP, SSL, Junit, TDD, Agile Methodologies, FIX Protocol 4.0 / 4.2 / 4.4 / 5.0

LEADERSHIP:
•
•

Page 6 of 6

President, Indian Students Association (ISA) at Kansas State University.
Executive Committee Member, International Co-ordinating Council at Kansas State University

\n
Zachary Goldman
4313 Knox Rd Apt 612  College Park, MD 20740
(860) 368-1660  zgoldman@terpmail.umd.edu
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
College of Behavioral and Social Sciences, Bachelor of Arts
Economics Major
Cumulative GPA: 3.32

Expected May 2017

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Facilities, Operations and Events, College Park, MD
October 2013 – Present
Operations Supervisor
• Execute new tactics to increase efficiency
• Lead groups of 3 to 6 people to prepare athletic facilities for events
• Divide coworkers amongst different tasks and periodically check on their progress
• Greet customers as they enter athletic facilities and handle complaints
Aflac, Silver Spring, MD
June 2015 – August 2015
Insurance Agent Intern
• Pursued prospective clients by connecting with key executives and HR personnel
• Prepared notes during potential client meetings
• Recruited employees with qualified marketing/business backgrounds
• Earned Maryland Accident and Health Insurance License
Fund for the Public Interest, Hartford, CT
Canvasser
• Raised an average of $550 dollars a week from donations
• Presented campaign to an average of 30 households per day
• Shadowed by new employees

June 2014 – August 2014

LEADERSHIP TRAINING
Phi Sigma Kappa Fraternity, College Park, MD
January 2015 – May 2015
Vice President
• Ensured that 22 committee chairmen were working towards goals I set forth
• Worked weekly with fellow executive board members to improve our organization
• Implemented a new system to provide networking opportunities
Phi Sigma Kappa Fraternity, College Park, MD
September 2014 – December 2014
Philanthropy/Community Service Chair
• Planned an event with over 100 attendees, which raised over $6000
• Contacted local business owners to receive donations for the event
• Organized multiple trips of more than 20 students to volunteer at Special Olympics events
Shonk Undergraduate Leadership School, Indianapolis, IN
August 2014
• Selected to represent the UMD Phi Sigma Kappa Chapter to attend the national Phi Sigma Kappa
leadership school
• Attended lectures, workshops and networking sessions on ways to improve recruitment, organization and
budget
• Implemented new methods of recruitment and organization to improve the chapter during the 2014-2015
Academic Year
Impact North-American Interfraternity Conference, Chevy Chase, MD
October 2014
• Selected to serve as an ambassador to represent the UMD Phi Sigma Kappa Chapter
• Completed group sessions with other members of the UMD Greek Community to develop our teamwork
and leadership abilities

\n
ANAGHA DIWANJI

College Park, MD 20740    240-762-9930    anagha.diwanji@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION

Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD                                           Expected: Dec 2016

Master of Science in Information Systems							                             GPA: 3.7

Coursework: Data Models & Decisions, Data Networks & Infrastructure, Managing Digital Business &Markets, Data Mining & Predictive Analytics, Big Data (Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Apache Spark), Business Process Analysis, Project Management.



Cummins College of Engineering for Women, Pune, Maharashtra                                                                                   May 2015 

Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering 

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Area of expertise:          SQL, R, DBMS, ER Modelling, Predictive Models (Regression, Decision Trees), Data mining, Data Cleansing,

                                          MS Excel (Stat Tools, Precision Tree, Pivot tables), PHP, Data Visualization, Agile(scrum), HTML,CSS 

Productivity Tools:        MS Word, MS Access, MS PowerPoint	   

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Factgem, College park, Maryland                                                               	                                                                        Summer 2016

Data Analyst Intern

Built prototype of market basket analysis of retail data using R language and implemented the final deliverable for client using Cypher query language.

Created sample visualizations of customer demographics comparisons using Tableau.

Implemented fraud (outlier) detection algorithm using association rules in R for achieving retail loss prevention.

Conducted extensive research for new algorithms to be implemented and drafted relevant documentation.



Act to Rise for Innovation in Special Education (ARISE), Chandigarh, India 	                                                            Summer 2014

Technical Intern 

Spearheaded a team of three to construct and maintain database of website established to aid and assist 150 children with muscular dystrophy.

Programmed in PHP and SQL to develop and efficiently implement student dashboard section of website.



Persistent Systems Ltd., Pune, India    	                                                                                                                    Oct 2014- Mar2015 

Technical Intern

Implemented project aimed at creating water portal to analyze current water scenario in India and to provide interactive data visualization.

Data mining and Predictive Analytics: Programmed in R language to explore different areas of water like quality and infrastructure using descriptive data analytic techniques such as time series and make predictions using k-means algorithm.      

Won project based paper presentation competition held in Pune Institute of Computer Technology.

RELEVANT ACADEMIC PROJECTS

 ‘Graduate School Database management system’                                                                                                     Sept-Nov 2015

Implemented an intuitive management system using Salesforce.com to enable students and faculty for efficient management of all their demographic data, subjects and corresponding grade details.

Built an ER model and used SQL to perform queries like calculating grades of students.

‘Bike rental inventory Management System’		                                                                                                     Oct 2015

Forecasted profit/loss incurred by the bike rentals with the current policies and procedures followed using Risk tool in MS Excel.

 ‘Process improvement for Doctor’s Community Hospital’:  						    Mar-May 2016

Managed and improved the client’s ‘Lose it to Win it’ program using the scrum (agile) framework.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Currently participating in an online tutorial to learn self-service BI tools like Power Query and Power Pivot, as well as Power BI for enhancing queries and reports.

Created sample dashboard for superstore data using Tableau software during on-campus event conducted by Deloitte.

Facilitated organizing of technical/non-technical events for the betterment of IS community as the Vice President of Administration, Information Systems Association.\n
FAITH KIM
206.370.9946

iamfaithkim@gmail.com

EDUCATION

SKILLS

University of Washington, Seattle, WA
[September 2014–expected June 2018]
Double degree in Business Administration and Design
Cumulative GPA: 3.2

Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite
Proficiency in Microsoft Office
Photography

Cedar Park Christian High School, Bothell, WA
GPA: 3.9

WORK EXPERIENCE
Illustrator
[October 2015–Present]	
The Daily UW Newspaper, Seattle, Washington
I work with writers to illustrate and create visuals to go
with their written stories and reports for the University of
Washington’s school newspaper.

ACHIEVEMENTS
Deans List—Winter 2015
Microsoft Endow for Excellence
Scholarship

INTERESTS
Flag Football
Piano
Hiking

Floortime Player
[August 2013–June 2014]	
Pediatric Physical and Occupational Therapy Services,
Shoreline, Washington, Zoe White
I worked with children that had autism and disabilities.
I was paired one-on-one with a child to help develop
relational skills and to support them in group settings.
Volunteer
[June 2012–January 2014]	
King County Library System, Bothell, WA
I shelved and pulled books, as well as tutored kindergarten through twelfth grade students in a variety of
subjects.
Volunteer
[2010–2014]	
Seattle Union Gospel and Union Gospel Mission
I consistently volunteered with my church youth group
where we often prepared and served meals, as well as
assembled sack lunches for the homeless.

322 NE 80th St., Seattle, WA 98115

\n
JEFFRY L. BARTELS

15244 Cindy Cove

Gulfport, MS 39503-2868

Cell:  228-424-2260

Email:  JeffryBartels@Bellsouth.net



I’m currently working for Paradyme Management Inc. as a Senior Functional Analyst on the Navy Standard Integrated Personnel System (NSIPS) Program.  In this position I utilize military Human Resources and Pay experience obtained through 21 years of active duty in the U.S. Navy, coupled with my nearly 17 years of Requirements, System Test and Tier II Field Support experience on the NSIPS Program.



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



January 2006 – Present: NSIPS Program, Requirements Team, Senior Business Process Analyst



Back up for the Requirements Team Manager, with primary responsibility for all NSIPS Core/Maintenance components.  Assist the Requirements Team Manager in the monitoring of current and future release team assignments of all allocated Software Problem Reports (SPRs) and Software Change Requests (SCRs).  

Work assigned SPRs and Software Change Requests (SCRs) allocated to the current release, and assist other Requirements team members with their assigned SPRs and SCRs.   Also responsible for analysis on newly created/unallocated NSIPS Core/Maintenance SPRs and SCRs.

Provide support in the form of functional and technical assistance to the NSIPS Tier II Help Desk when resolving problems reported by the field via formal Service Requests.  Create SPRs when reported issues or problems indicate either a software problem or potential software or training deficiency.

Provide support to Developers, System Test Engineers and Quality Assurance personnel, primarily in resolving specific requirements associated with SPRs and/or SCRs related to their current tasking.

Provide support to the NSIPS Project Management Office (PMO) personnel for special projects, data pulls, and research/resolution of questions/problems received directly from the field users and/or Millington customer(s), as directed.



February 2003 - December 2005:  NSIPS Program, Tier II Production Support/Help Desk Team, the last year of which I served as the Team Lead.



Worked assigned Service Requests when the resolution capability exceeded the knowledge and/or technical resources available to the Tier I NSIPS Help Desk.  Personally assigned all incoming service requests, worked my own assigned requests as expeditiously as possible, and assisted the other team members in resolving their assigned service requests. Provided numerous reports to management to aid in the tracking of software problems, potential training issues, and to ensure service requests were consistently handled in an expeditious and professional manner, and not closed until resolved to the initiator’s satisfaction.





February 1998 - January 2003: NSIPS Program, Software/System Test Engineer on the System Test Team, the last few months of which I served as the System Test Team Lead.  



Responsible for positive, negative and regression testing for numerous NSIPS components.  Testing covered all fields, the components as a whole, interaction between components, and detailed transactional analysis for hundreds of transactions to multiple corporate interfaces.

Routinely liaised with PeopleSoft and Analytics developers, Requirements personnel, and QA personnel to ensure all documented issues were resolved, enhancements were accurately implemented per customer desires, and any new issues were expeditiously reported and accurately documented via SPR or SCR.

Maintained an extensive test suite, which consisted of hundreds of positive, negative and regression tests for every component for which I was responsible, adding to the suite when any type of new issue was discovered and/or reported.  

Conducted frequent ad hoc testing to ensure thorough coverage of all component functionality. 

Assisted other team members in the analysis and testing of their assigned NSIPS components.



September 1997 – January 1998: NSIPS Program, member of the initial Requirements Gathering Team.  Upon completion of the initial requirements gathering, selected to serve as a Software/System Test Engineer.



July 1975 - August 1996:  Personnel Specialist, United States Navy, with extensive knowledge and experience in virtually every facet of military Human Resources, including Transfers, Receipts, Reenlistments, Separations, and Educational Services.  My more challenging assignments included successful tours as a Recruit Drill Instructor, Squadron Personnel Office Supervisor at a remote deployment site (Antarctica), Senior Enlisted Advisor of an overseas U.S. Navy Personnel Support Detachment (PSD), and Officer in Charge of a stateside PSD.



FORMAL EDUCATION



High School Graduate with some college. Graduate of the U.S. Navy’s Instructor Training Course, Recruit Company Commander (Drill Instructor) Course, and the Senior Enlisted Academy.



MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION



Member of the NSIPS Essential Personnel Team, which is a select group of personnel who are designated to provide a quick response report and reconstitution capability to the Contingency of Operations (COOP) Site in Millington TN once a COOP has been initiated by SPAWAR and/or the NSIPS Project Management Office.  This team is primarily responsible for ensuring uninterrupted operations in the event of a hurricane or other natural disaster.

Currently hold a Public Trust security classification.  Held up to a clearance of Top Secret while on active duty, and held a Secret clearance at the time of my retirement.

I have a good working knowledge of and am familiar with Windows 7, Oracle 10g, PeopleSoft HRMS 9.01, Serena Dimensions, and the Benthic Golden Software Query Tool.

Hold a U.S. Navy Master Training Specialist designation.

References available upon request.\n
Amit Kumar

Mobile : +001-5516890079

e-mail : amitkumar2602@gamil.com

			



BRIEF OVERVIEW:-	     						                       		  	

        

	Excellent analytical and presentation skills, hands on experience and eye for detail.

	Measure, monitor and improve client service by guiding team members and driving excellence in service delivery.

	Expertise in working in fast-paced, high-tech environments requiring skills in scheduling, management and team building.

	Dedicated and Hardworking with excellent interpersonal skills and communication skills.



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE                                                                                                        	 

                             

Currently working with “BirlaSoft Ltd.”(From Nov 2006 onwards)



Company Profile:-

‘BirlaSoft is the IT division of CK Birla Group having CMMI Level 5 Certification of Quality engaged in software development for various clients across the globe onsite & offsite and has annual revenue of $150 Million.



Birlasoft Ltd 								Designation: Senior Excutive



	Job Responsibilities – Account Payable and Payroll process - Nov 2010 – Till Date	

	

Present responsibilities:



Account Payble. 



		Maintaining US Accounting (AP & GL) using people soft 8.4 software. 

		Maintaining US outsourced consultant list and their payment around USD 9 million per year.

		Ensuring all paper work of vendor (Contract, W9, Liability Insurance etc).

		Before releasing the payment to outsourced consultant ensuring the hour’s paid to contractor billed to client.

		Issuing the 1099 A B form and 1096A & B form to concern vendor before the due date.



Cash & Bank.



		Making the check for vendor and keeping the track ensuring the proper accounting of expenses.

		Preparing and maintain the wire transfer & ACH record of vendor. 

		Making the budgeted cash flow for the cost side for management on monthly basis.

		Preparing the Bank reconciliation on monthly basis.



Payroll



		Preparing the consolidate hour’s sheet for payroll for all employee fortnightly basis.

		Maintaining the leave record manually for all employee’s (around 450 employee’s)

		Resolving the employee’s query regarding their salary deduction and leave balance.

		Checking the OT hours of employee’s and ensuring the same has been billed to client before payment

		Reconciling the payroll hour with wage sheet every fortnight.

		Keeping the track of employee health insurance and their deduction from employees.

		Checking the employee wise health insurance bill from vendor and ensuring all adjustment is correct before making the payment to vendor.

		Maintaining the salary & Loan advance register manually and in system.

		Ensuring correct deduction of loan & salary advance, ensuring all deduction has been made before full & final payment to employees

		Computation of Sales Team performance & Balance Score Card on Monthly & Quarterly basis.

		Ensuring the timely payment of incentive to sales employees

		Reconciling and tracking the payroll creditors (Salary payable) on monthly basis.

MIS,

		Preparing the data for MIS reporting.

		Ensuring all accounting AP & GL has been done on month end.

		Keeping the track and making the provision for relevant expenses and their accounting in GL ensuring the reversal in next month.

		Resolving the MIS related query of project & account managers of project.

		Project Wise Financial Analysis – Revenue, Bill Rate, & Gross Margin on Monthly basis & reporting to Key business drivers.

		Preparation of Balance Sheet, P&L & Notes to Accounts for US GEO.

		Managing & Dealing from upfront in the Statutory Audit of US GEO.

		Worked as team member in Digitization of Finance models (MIS, Budgeting) in PeopleSoft. 

		Working as a neckline to senior management highlighting the finance and control issues in the business operations.

		Overall finance System Administration. Filtering the information received and entering into Finance System. Closely dealing with sales persons, BRM, delivery team and account managers for Cost.

Other’s.

		Preparing & providing the information time to time as required by management.

		Involve NJ tax audit and got excellence work certificate. 





Job Responsibilities - Billing & AR, Account payable & GL for Singapore & Australia GEO  - Mar’ 2007 – Oct 2010

		

		Understanding of whole process of end client billing.

Ensuring timely and accurate invoicing for every month approx US $1 Million & sending invoices to customer through e-mail/uploading on supplier portal by 5th of the following month.

		Analyzing aging report for clients & following up with the Clients and Sales Team for outstanding.

		For Fixed price and Fixed Monthly Projects ensuring Milestone are Billed on due dates.

		Processing the payroll on fortnightly basis, Ensuring the tax & advance deduction from employees.

		Maintaining the leave record of employees manually.

		Resolving the query of employee related to payroll & leave.

		Maintaining the outsourced consultant list and ensuring the payment and their accounting.

		Worked as a team member in PeopleSoft Billing, AR, AP & GL Module implementation for Australia and Singapore unit Roll out.

		Independently handling the responsibility for the monthly reconciliation PeopleSoft with tally till the process parallelly run.

		Replying on daily queries related to Collection, Revenue and Invoicing.

		Proper documentation of Invoices, MSA, SOW and PO for all the related projects.



Job Responsibilities – Team member of people soft 8.4 implementation team  - July’ 2004 –Mar 2007



Project: PeopleSoft Travel and Expense Module implementation in Birlasoft Ltd,





Roll out of Travel & Expense modules for Birlasoft all GEO business locations

Analysis of requirement in consultation with business users & prepared functional requirement document

Handling End User queries

Impact Analysis for functional issues

Suggesting workaround for known problems,

Facilitating in reconciliation of data 



Project: PeopleSoft Finance Production Support for Billing and AR module in Birlasoft Ltd, Noida, India



As a part of the assignment, Designed Billing IR Interface – automatic bill generation 

Handling End User queries

Suggesting workaround for known problems, 

Providing training and transactional support to users

Facilitating in reconciliation of data



Support & helping in following functionality.



Creating Customer in customer Master.

Creating Invoice Taxable and nontaxable in Billing module

Creating Debit/Credit Note

Creating Deposit id for receipt from customer and employee.

Creating Invoice in AR

Print and finalize bill process

Printing process

Load Billing data to AR

Run AR updates process for customer balance updating & creating accounting entry.





ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS



Bachelor in Commerce- with 78% marks from B.S.B.R Ambedkar University , 1994

I have done CA article ship training From Institute of chartered Accountant of India.

Passed Higher Secondary from Bihar Intermediate Education Council Patna with 57% marks in 1991.

High School from Bihar Secondary Examination Board Patna with 55% marks in 1989.

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY 



	Expertise of PeopleSoft version.8.4. Have understood the basic Framework and functioning of AR and GL module

	Expertise of MAS90 version 4.1 & Tally (Accounting Package)

	Fluent on MS Excel and MS Word as a tool for professional and systematic reporting.

		Certified course of expert in Excel & Email Etiquettes (Aptech Affiliated course)



ACHIEVEMENTS 



I got certificate for excellence work in People soft.

I got Birlasoft Star award to excellence work in AP

I got appreciation certificate for work done New-york tax audit



HOBBIES



		Listening Music

		Playing Cricket.	



PERSONAL VITAE



Date of Birth		:	1st Jan 1975

Father’s Name		:	S. N. Prasad

Marital Status		:	Married 

Permanent Address	             :	626 Liberty Avenue

Jersey City, NJ 07307

Phone 5516890079

        Reference			: 	Will be pleased to furnish on request.





Date: 				

Place: Jersey City								(Amit Kumar)\n
NAMRATHA JAGADEESH
ANALYST | DEVELOPER | VISUALIZATION DESIGNER

8125 48th Ave, College Park, MD
namratha@terpmail.umd.edu
240-467-4174

EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND, COLLEGE PARK
May‘18
Master of Science- Information Management | Specialization - Data Analytics

TECHNICAL SKILLS
ANALYTICS, BI & DEV
R, Tableau, Jigsaw, Datawatch

UNIVERSITY OF PUNE, INDIA
Bachelor of Engineering - Information Technology

PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES
C++, JAVA, C#, SQL,VB, HTML, JavaScript, Python

May‘14

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
DIGITAL CURATION FELLOWSHIP | USDA
Feb ‘17-Now
• Identifying and analyzing proper metadata standards to apply to a
wide range of data formats and then applying the standards.
• Work with UI engineers to better optimize search and discovery
using metadata for the National Agricultural Library and FDA.
SOFTWARE ANALYST|DASSAULT SYSTEMES Mar‘15-Jun‘16
• Developed and Optimized functionalities for a Product Lifecycle Management software to enhance productivity.
• Analyzed client data and requirements to recommend better solutions to decrease their time taken to release products into the market.
• Remodeled SQL scripts to customize the existing database schema
that led to performance tuning and increased efficiency by 20%.
• Designed Graphical User Interface (GUI) for multi-CAD Integration
and MS Office documents.
ASSISTANT SYSTEM ENGINEER | TCS
Sep‘14-Feb‘15
• Pioneered project implementation and management skills using SDLC
, coding, UNIX scripting, databases and formulating reports for different phases of the project.
ANALYSIS INTERN | Persistent Systems Ltd.
May‘13-Jun‘14
• Configured and Implemented Apache Hadoop HDFS and Map Reducing techniques in a multi node network to establish a social network
graph between individuals based on open source data.
• Built a text analysis software which crawling of data, parsing it to extract names of individuals and predicting their acquaintances with each
other based on context analysis.
Key Skills: Hadoop Framework: HDFS, MapReduce
PROJECT WORK
NEWS POPULARITY ANALYSIS | UMD
Sep‘16-Dec’16
• Developed R script to predict the effect of various factors on the
popularity of the news articles using exploratory data analysis (ANOVA, Multiple Regression).
• Consolidated a detailed report of the conceptualization, analysis process and visualization of the findings.
AIRCRASH DATA ANALYSIS | UMD
Sep‘16-Dec’16
• Performed data cleaning and normalization using R to structure data
in an efficient way.
• Applied descriptive and inferential statistics to discover and illustrate
patterns and performance of different carriers worldwide.

DATABASES
MySQL, Oracle, IBM DB2
DATA MANAGEMENT
Hadoop Framework, Microsoft Azure
Cloud, Advanced Excel
OPERATING SYSTEMS
Linux, Windows and Mac
SEMINAR
Hadoop framework, HBase and HDFS.
RELEVANT COURSES
Data Analytics
Visual Analytics
Introduction to Data Science
Strategic Information Management
Database Design
Information Retrieval
Cloud Computing
CERTIFICATIONS
IBM DB2 Certified Academic Associate
CORE JAVA from NIIT
AWARDS
SCHOLARSHIP - Academic Excellence from Pune Corporation
BEST NEW COMER - 3DPLM
Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
LEADERSHIP + ACTIVITIES
PARTICIPANT - Industrial workshop
on ‘Hadoop and Distributed Systems with
Big Data, Map Reduce and Hive’
TRAINER & EVENT ORGANIZER
- 3DPLM Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
LINKEDIN PROFILE
www.linkedin.com/in/namratha-jagadeesh

\n
PRASAD KAVERI
3412 University Boulevard East, Hyattsville, MD 20783
Contact No.: 301-273-4187 || Email ID: prasadkaveri9@gmail.com || https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasadkaveri
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
Dec 17
Master of Science, Telecommunications Engineering
GPA: 4.0/4.0
Technical Coursework: Network Programming, Network and Protocols, Cyber Security, Cellular Communication Networks
Management Coursework: Economics of telecommunications, Strategic Management in Telecommunications
University of Mumbai, India
June 15
Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering
Related Coursework: Computer Communication Networks, Data Compression & Encryption, Java, C, Mobile Comm., Wireless
Networks, Digital Communication
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Tools & Software: Drupal CMS, Quality Center, Jira, Eclipse, Visual Studio, MATLAB, WinAVR, Eagle software
Programming & Computer Skills: Python, Java, C, HTML, Microsoft office Suite, Assembly Language Programming
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Johnson & Johnson, Ethicon Division, India
June 16
Marketing & Business Development Intern
• Documented the various treatments on Infertility segment and estimated the Indian infertility market size to be worth approximately
USD 11.2 billion
• Developed an engagement module on infertility and designed procedure focused kits for J&J’s obstetrics/gynecology clients to
improve market share in the suture segment by at least USD 34 million
Tech Mahindra, India
Aug 15
Associate Software Engineer
• Learned different technologies by pairing with experienced engineers
• Involved in documenting QA procedures using the MS Office suite
• Used Quality Center and JIRA for bug tracking and for the management of test documentation
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
University of Maryland, College Park
Simulation of a 3-Sectored Base Station using Python
May 16
• Implemented a Python application which simulated the downlink behavior of a 3-sectored base station along a road
• Calculated metrics such as Propagation Loss, Shadowing, Fading and EIRP off Boresight to determine which sector offered the
strongest Received Signal Level
• Computed statistics such as number of users serviced, completed calls, calls dropped and calls handed-off in each sector
V.E.S.I.T, University of Mumbai
Four Way Density Based Traffic Control System with Advanced Monitoring Techniques
Dec 14
• Estimated a reduction potential for real-time traffic duration by 33.33%
• Published a research paper in the International Journal of Application or Innovation in Engineering & Management, an International
open access journal. (Link: http://www.ijaiem.org/Volume4Issue3/IJAIEM-2015-03-31-94.pdf )
Arduino Based Shadow Alarm with GSM
March 14
• Designed a shadow alarm using Arduino which shoots an alert SMS using GSM 300 module
• Published a paper in the ‘Journal of Emerging Technologies and Innovative Research’, an International open access journal. (Link:
http://www.jetir.org/papers/JETIR1508004.pdf )
VOLUNTEERING & EXTRACURRICLARS
• Volunteered for ‘Chant4Change’ at Lincoln Memorial, a philanthropic event which was attended by over 1000 people and aimed at
spreading peace, unity and harmony
• Active volunteer at an animal NGO named: In Defense of Animals (IDA-INDIA)
University of Maryland
Jan 16-present
• Telecommunications Students Alumni Network (TSAN) – Student Member
• Graduate Student Government (GSG) - Telecommunications department representative
• Active member at Bhakti Vedanta Club for Culture & Education at UMD– Organizing workshops on lifestyle management
Indian Society for Technical Education, Student Chapter, India
2012-15
• B.E. Core Committee, senior year- Organized industrial trips, sponsorship and managed finances
• Student Coordinator, sophomore year- Organized and managed events for 650 students
Praxis, V.E.S Institute of Technology, Mumbai
2012-14
• Core committee member, senior year- Organized the inter-college technical festival which was attended by over 500 students
• Resources Module Head, junior year - Responsible for strategic allocation of scarce resources needed for event execution

\n
SUMEET JESWANI
3412 Tulane Drive #013, Hyattsville, MD 20783| (+1) 301-851-9725| sumeetjeswani7@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sumeetjeswani
SUMMARY
A Telecommunications Engineering student with 3 years of experience in remote infrastructure management and networking domain
looking for Summer 2017 internship opportunities
EDUCATION
M.S. Telecommunications Engineering (Expected May 2018)
University of Maryland, College Park
Course Highlights: Network and protocols(Advanced), Network Programming in C, Distributed Systems in a Virtual environment,
Cellular Communication
B.E. Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering (Aug 2009 – Jul 2013)
University of Mumbai, India
Course Highlights: Computer Communication Networks, Data Compression and Encryption, Telecom Network Management
TECHNICAL SKILLS

OPERATING SYSTEM (Server)
OPERATING SYSTEM (Client)
MONITORING TOOLS
TICKETING TOOLS
OTHER TOOLS
SOFTWARE SKILLS
NETWORKING PROTOCOLS

Windows 2003, 2008, 2008 R2, 2012 R2,Red Hat Linux
Windows 2000, 7, XP, Vista, Ubuntu Linux
SCOM 2007 R2, SCOM 2012 SP1, SCOM 2012 R2, UIM, MRTG
SCSM, Service Now
VMware, Hyper-V, Putty, EMC Avamar
C programming, Python
RIP, EIGRP, OSPF, STP,BGP

EXPERIENCE

Student System Administrator at CATT Lab at University of Maryland (Jan 2017 – Present)
•
•
•

Administered Linux servers (CentOS and RHEL)
Designed Networks and configured network equipment
Deployed Virtual machines using VMware vSphere

Consultant at Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai, India (Nov 2013 - Jul 2016)
•
•
•
•
•

Led a team of 6 Level 1 Engineers
Handled client service requests and escalations
Worked on windows technology as a Level 2 engineer
Administered windows servers and System center operations manager
Performed monitoring and troubleshooting for a large infrastructure consisting of 1000+ servers and 500+ network devices

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
IP and Domain Dossier system (Nov 2016 – Dec 2016)
• Implemented socket programming using C and designed application on a Ubuntu Linux virtual machine which worked both
as Server and Client
• Server stored data from a database file to a linked list structure and was able to respond to queries of Client put up through
Command-line arguments
Designed an SNMP (Simple Management Networking Protocol) monitor using SNMP Library in C (Nov 2016)
• SNMP monitor is a client side application which allows monitoring of system variables presented to it in form of MIB OIDs
• Polled multiple SNMP enabled Virtual Machines running Ubuntu server gathering runtime statistics
HONORS AND ACHIEVEMNTS
• Awarded with “Best Paper Presentation” award at an international conference “VVP- ITES 2012” held at Rajkot, India
PUBLICATIONS
• Published a technical paper named “Implementation of human identification system using a multi-modal biometric approach”
in International Journal of Computer and Electronics Engineering (Print ISSN 0975-4202)

\n
ANTHONY HOFFMAN
1639 Braid Hills Dr. ♦ Pasadena, MD 21122
410-533-9833 ♦ Ahoff2@terpmail.umd.edu

EDUCATION
University of Maryland
Robert H. Smith School of Business
Bachelor of Science, Accounting & Finance
Dean’s List (All Semesters)

Major GPA: 3.88
Cumulative GPA: 3.82
Expected Graduation (150 credits): December 2016

Quantitative Finance Fellows
August 2015 - May 2016
• A one-year limited enrollment program focusing on advanced statistical financial analysis and modeling
• Provides intensive training in software suites used to construct and evaluate financial data sets
Emerging CFOs Finance Fellows
August 2014 - May 2015
• A program focused on core functions of corporate finance while enhancing leadership and communication skills
• Exceled through case studies and simulations in a dedicated Fellows section of Advanced Financial Management
• Awarded 3rd place in a valuation case competition of a local company to suggest an exit strategy to the owners

WORK EXPERIENCE
Ernst & Young
Baltimore, MD
Assurance Intern
June 2016 - August 2016
• Assisted with quarterly procedures for second quarter reporting
• Prepared segment and consolidated trial balance documentation for the 10Q filing tie-out
• Updated competitor trend analysis with current quarter figures and rolled forward other quarterly documentation
• Assisted with a payroll walkthrough and preparation of year-end walkthroughs
• Conducted an inventory count of an acquisition of a client
• Interpreted client’s segment warning calls and prepared minutes
• Participated in the estimates event and team planning event
University of Maryland, Robert H. Smith School of Business
College Park, MD
Customer Account Management Intern
September 2015 - December 2015
• Worked with CAM point person to ensure customer satisfaction of all employers’ recruiting activity
• Kept records of employer recruiting activity and ensured accuracy on all communication/information outlets
• Engaged in process improvement by analyzing current operations and suggesting changes for enhancement
• Assisted in marketing and outreach to students about recruiting events
Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC)
McLean, VA
Accounting & Finance Intern (Program Control)
May 2015 - August 2015
• Mastered SAIC’s contract structure to conduct accruals, unbilled analysis, EAC reviews, and internal program reviews
• Utilized government contracting software that prove vital to corporate finance in the defense industry
• Multitasked assignments from Control Directors nationwide to assure compliance of contracts in the Navy & Marines sector
• Increased division efficiency across the country by shifting necessary Department of Labor wage schedules to a web platform
Maryland Energy Administration
Accounting Intern
• Executed bank reconciliations
• Created journal entries to record/correct expenses and encumbrances
• Reviewed grants to be finalized by the Governor’s Financial Administration
• Assisted program managers with financial procedures and documentation

Annapolis, MD
May 2014 - August 2014

LEADERSHIP & EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
Discover KPMG Leadership Program, Participant
Ernst & Young LLP Emerging Leaders Program, Participant
Finance Banking and Investment Society (FBIS), Member
Accounting and Business Association (ABA), Member
Maryland Club Street Hockey, Founder and Treasurer

June 2015 - June 2015
May 2015 - May 2015
September 2014 - Present
January 2014 - Present
January 2013 - May 2016

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Training: Bloomberg Essentials, Thomson Reuters Eikon, SAS Suite, Matlab
Skills: Microsoft Office, Microsoft Access, Intuit QuickBooks, Salesforce, CostPoint, Oracle Hyperion, Oracle Fusion
Honors: Robert H. Smith School of Business Scholarship, Ernst & Young Education Excellence Scholarship, Golden Key
International Honour Society, Primannum Honor Society

\n
Christopher Robert Stephen Horton

	Apartment Address: 1203H University Terrace, Blacksburg VA, 24060

	Home Address: 204 Sunset Drive, Richmond, VA 23229

	Cell: 804-837-3488

	Email:  crsh1018@vt.edu

	

	Education

	Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, Blacksburg, VA, August 2015-Present

	Major: Business Information Technology, OSM concentration

	J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College, Richmond, VA, August 2013 – May 2015

	A.S. Business Administration, cum laude

	Final GPA:  3.4

	George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, August 2012 – May 2013

	Douglas Freeman High School, Richmond, VA, Class of 2012

	

	Software Experience

	Microsoft Office 2016 (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access)

	Java programming 

	SAP ERP Software

	Excel Solver/Analytic Solver Platform

	VBA/Visual Studio 2015

	Arena Simulation

	AutoCAD/Inventor

	

	Employment

	Warehouse Staff/Laptop Refurbishment, Technology Integration Group:  June 2014 - August 2014

	Field Tech Intern (paid), Cruller Technologies July 2016-August 2016

	

	Achievements

	Eagle Scout (Awarded 2011)

	Dean’s List, J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College:  Fall 2013 - Spring 2015

	Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society

	

	Activities

	Pamplin Undergraduate Mentoring Program at Virginia Tech- Fall 2015

	Boy Scouts:  Spring 2005 - Fall 2011

	Cross Country Team:  Fall 2008 - Fall 2011

	Winter and Spring:  Track 2008 - 2012

	

	Leadership/Teamwork

	Technology Integration Group: Working within a team environment

	Eagle Scout project:  Led team in building a shade sail at Tuckahoe Elementary School 

	Cross Country and Track: Group leader

	

	Community Service

	Central Virginia Food Bank:  October 2014 – June 2015

	Worked on numerous Eagle Scout projects:  2008 - 2012\n
DEEPIKA SHASTRI

Contact Information:



deepika.shastri@gmail.com



+1 (240) 825-8139

8125 48th Ave-Md 20740





Education

University of Maryland, College Park

GPA-3.7/4

Masters of Science in Telecommunications

Aug 16- May 18

Courses: AWS/PCS System Implementation, Digital Communication Systems, Marketing Management, Networks & Protocols, Wireless OFDM, RF Path Design, Cell Site Design and Components













Atria Institute of Technology, Bangalore



B.E in Telecommunications

June 15

Antenna & Propagation, Analog Electronic Circuits, Signals & Systems





Internship Experiences

Technical Intern | Nokia Networks | Bangalore, India

April 15 – Jan 16

Performed Sanity Testing, Regression Testing of 2G & 3G BTS software and feature testing

Built Automation Framework for test cases and log collection using Python

Prepared test environment as per test specifications and analysed log





Project Works

Network Deployment for GSM, LTE & WCDMA Systems

Aug 16 – Dec 16

	Designed and simulated a cellular network deployment of GSM, LTE and WCDMA technologies for the city of Washington D.C and surrounding suburbs using Mentum Planet software 

	Completed the deployment simulation in four phases- Preliminary deployment, Fine tuning, LTE deployment and Interference analysis using Poseidon 

Learned to balance resources with coverage quality as required in real world deployments, for 25 base stations, followed by a LTE deployment for 3 base stations













Performance evaluation of 16 QAM digital communication scheme using Simulink

Aug 16 – Dec 16

	Performed System level characterisation of 16- QAM communication system using Simulink and Gray Encoding to map the symbols 

	Evaluated SER and BER for different channel SNR by calculating tighter upper bound 

Compared theoretical and practical results were against each other for sending 1 million symbols and found that they match each other till 15db of SNR













Marketing Plan Elements

Aug 16 – Dec 16

Performed situation analysis of the company’s current marketing environment (5 C’s) & evaluated the current marketing program employed in the organization

Employed problem solving methods in marketing operations to effectively utilize a company’s marketing resources and activities













Design of an Automated Test System for a Duplex Filter (1350MHz to 1850 MHz) | BHEL | Bangalore, India

Jan 15

Reduced manual effort and time required to calculate the 1dB bandwidth, insertion loss for the range of frequencies

Learned GPIB bus interface implementation for the external instrument control

Operation of a Network Analyser and Duplex Filter







Technical Skills

Software

Mentum Planet

Wireshark

Ride

Robot Frame Work 

MATLAB

Simulink

Lab View

Visual Basic



Programming languages

C

C++

Python





Wireless Protocols

TCP/IP

802.11 b,g,a and n



Leadership Skills

Sergeant at ARMS of the Rotaract Club (District E, 3190) 

 Event Co-ordinator

Placement Co-ordinator





Work Experience

Tutor/Counsellor

Provide academic tutoring 

Support lecturers during Academy classes

Perform desk duties ass assigned



Voluntary Experience

Member of Rotaract Club(District E.3190)\n
Joel Galvagni

Professional Profile

Joel joined HP in April 2012 as Senior Solutions Architect where he works as  Technical  Consultant  in the  HP Software  Professional  Services Group. His role consists of helping our clients  to  deploy,  customize, and  maintain HP’s Application Lifecycle Management in accordance with industry best practices.



Before joining HP Joel worked as a Senior Consultant at a small firm specializing in servicing and deploying HP software. He also worked as a QTP automation engineer  providing  as  needed   expertise  in on  the  spot automation projects while leveraging his experience in order to help clients design automation strategies that would work within their established processes.



	Experience	

Organization: HPESW BTO Professional  Services

2012 – Present

Role: Senior Solutions Architect

Activities:

Designed and implemented QC  9, QC 10,  ALM 11,  11.52, 12,

12.5x migration and upgrade  plans and processes for large and small organizations

Over 15  years of experience with TD/QC/ALM/UFT

administration, use, and customization

Install and configure QC/PC/ALM 11/ALM 11.5/ALM 12

Design and implement ALM (All versions) best practices customized to client needs

Conduct basic and advanced training in QC/ALM/QTP/UFT (multiple versions)

Design and implement COE ALM environments and practices

Mentor/guide client as plan is implemented

Consultation and issue resolution

Participate in Pre-Sales calls, and proof of concepts

Skills: 

Quality Center/ALM Implementation, Client Relations, Process Design and Implementation, Project Management, System Architecture/Infrastructure Design and Implementation, ALM/ALI 3rd  party Integrations



	Company: Genilogix 

	2010-2012

	Role: Senior Consultant 

	Activities:

Participate in and lead pre-sales calls, and proof of concepts.

Administration of HP/Mercury product training -  conducted training of both QC  and QTP.

Installation and configuration of QC/ALM (multiple versions).

QC/ALM Report configuration (multiple versions).

QTP/FT Automation development (multiple versions).

Development of QTP implementation strategies and procedures

Design and review of overall testing strategies

Skills: 

Project Management, Client Relations, Process Design and

Implementation, Quality Center/ALM Implementation, QTP



	

	

	Company: Keene Consultant (TIAA-Cref)

	2009

Role: Sr. Technical Consultant

Activities:

Provide the technical expertise to integrate HP Quality Center with Borland’s CalliberRM Requirements Management tool

Code all components necessary to enable seamless data transfer/transformation between the two tools

Provide requirements publication process to allow the integration to function smoothly within the established SDLC

Skills: 

Project Management, Client Relations, Process Design and Implementation, Quality Center Implementation and Integration, Caliber RM

	

	Company: The Lash Group 

	2008-2009

	Role: Automation  Team Lead

	Activities:

Lead the design, development and implementation of software automation effort using QTP for functional, regression, and limited performance testing

Lead the design, development, implementation, and administration of Quality Center 9.2

Integrated Quality Center with Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, Team Foundation Server, to allow real time defect synchronization

Partnered with Quality Control analysts and other IT members to identify automation opportunities

Managed activities of Automation Engineers

Designed and implemented test automation procedures

Designed and executed QTP automation scripts

Collaborated with project development team to assess and document issues found during testing

Served as mentor and guide for team

Skills: 

Project Management, Client Relations, Process Design and Implementation, Quality Center/ALM Implementation, QTP



Company: Keene Consultant (TIAA-Cref) 

2007-2008

Role: Process and Technology Engineer 

Activities:

Conducted audit of existing testing practice, build and release processes at client site

Designed, installed, and documented client specific Quality Center implementation to support a unified workflow structure compatible with the business needs of the client

Built a robust, well defined, measurable, and repeatable testing process structure within Quality Center to enable repeatability and visibility into all aspects of the testing portion of the SDLC

Installed infrastructure to enable high availability, and disaster recovery for testing systems

Integrated Quality Center with the Active Directory to enable seamless access  for end users

Designed built and presented end user training for testing, development, project management, and business analysts teams

Designed, built and presented reports and report training for management

Skills: 

Project Management, Client Relations, Process Design and Implementation, Quality Center/ALM Implementation, QTP

		

Company: HSBC North America

2005-2007

Role: Quality Assurance  Coordinator

Activities:

Coordinated all testing efforts, from planning through execution, U.A.T., and production implementation for projects as assigned

Provided resource availability estimates in order to accommodate project timelines

Validated that functional and design specifications were up to standards and provided reasonable and testable solutions

Facilitated onshore/offshore communications and testing efforts to verify all code was covered appropriately

Reported test case  acquisition/execution progress to project management group

Facilitated defect resolution process – assured appropriate resources were assigned,  and that defects were resolved, deployed, and closed in a timely manner

Oversaw the implementation process to assure all project components were included in implementation plan and that code  was verified in production

Mercury Quality Center Administration: Built and maintained QC instance to accommodate all Consumer  Lending entities

Identified, designed,  and implemented software automation effort using QTP for functional and regression testing

Identified and designed  QTP scripts for data entry/test bed creation



Company: Bank of America

2003-2009

Role: Senior Business Systems Analyst

Activities:

Developed a comprehensive regression-testing approach/methodology

Managed regression-testing cycle in order to ensure quality code coverage in a tight time frame

Developed a successful QTP automation approach to leverage off- shore testing resources

Trained team in use of latest tools and methodology- best practices

Developed testing approach for new initiatives as assigned

Analyzed new requirements to ensure that the system were not negatively impacted by planned enhancements

Designed and execute tests in order to ensure quality of code

Reported defects as uncovered and ensured their successful progress through defect life-cycle

Planed monitored and controlled projects using appropriate tools and techniques to ensure efficient and effective utilization of resources in order to accomplish the objectives of the project according  to specification, on time, and within budget

Fostered collaboration between team members and business partners

Utilized available technology, tools, and resources to access,  analyze and distribute information

Subject Matter Expert for Product and Policy guide/Mortgage Business rules

Recipient of advanced certification in Quick Test Pro automated testing tool

Utilized expertise in Mercury Test Director manual scripting tool for test case creation

Leveraged general Microsoft Office Suite expertise to facilitate communication and enhanced  productivity

Education

Studies:

BA Coastal Carolina University – History

Completed Trainings/Certifications:

HP ALM Accredited Systems Engineer

HP Quick Test Professional Accredited Systems Engineer

Public Trust – US Census Bureau 11/2014







Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Joel Galvagni	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 4 of 4\n
JOSEPH CARDARELLI
4605 Green Ridge Ct. ♦ Huntingtown, Maryland 20639
443-624-0827 ♦ cardarellija@gmail.com

EDUCATION
University of Maryland
Robert H. Smith School of Business
Bachelor of Science, Finance

Cumulative GPA: 3.96
May 2018

University of Maryland Honors College, University Honors
August 2014 – May 2018
• Participated in a living-learning program that “engages the University of Maryland's highest achieving
undergraduates by providing academic challenges and boundless opportunities for discovery”
• Included curriculum of 16 credits of Honors level courses
Sophomore Wall Street Fellows
August 2015 – May 2016
• Selected to enter competitive program designed to allow students with an interest in finance, especially investment
banking, to take more rigorous finance courses earlier as an undergraduate
• Scheduled trip for Berkshire Hathaway Shareholder’s Meeting, May 2016
• Prepared stock valuation for company on the NYSE using regression models and discounted cash flows
Dean’s Scholarship
August 2014 – May 2016
• Received scholarship for “outstanding entering freshmen from Maryland”
• Required to maintain a minimum GPA of 3.2 while taking 30 credits a year
Finance, Banking & Investment Society

August 2014- Present

Relevant Coursework
• Business Statistics, Information Systems, Accounting, Economics, Investments, Global Markets

WORK EXPERIENCE
United States Census Bureau
Pathways Intern – Technician
• Conducted inventory analysis using MS Excel
• Provided technological support to employees of the Census Bureau
• Coordinated the return and implementation of employee computer hardware
• Installed software and prepared iPhones used for testing for the 2020 Census

Summer 2014 and 2015

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Smith Leadership Institute, Mentor
•
•

Provided advice and guidance to incoming freshmen to the Robert H. Smith School
Registered and directed freshmen at Smith Start events

PwC Emerging Leaders Retreat, Attendee
• Participated in a day long retreat at PwC’s office in Washington, D.C
• Performed tasks that provided insight into effective leadership and communication
Youth Lacrosse Camp, Coach
•
•

August 2015 – May 2016

Coached 90 elementary/middle school athletes at multiple summer camps
Assisted youth players in developing skills necessary to improve their level of play

TRAINING, SKILLS AND INTERESTS
Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Access
Interests: Football, Lacrosse, Fishing, Weight Lifting, Puzzles

April 2015

July 2013 – July 2015

\n
Alvah Walter Moore Jr
200 Lakewood Dr Apt 101
Stafford, VA 22554 US
Mobile: 703 992 3740
Email: alvah1492@gmail.com
Objectives: Quality Control Specialist, Document Specialist, Human Resource, Customer Service, 
Document File Clerk
 
Clearance Level: Secret.
 
Summary of Skills:
 

•           Leadership, Quality Control Specialist, Document Specialist, File Clerk, Building Document, 
Development of Schedules, Updating a Data Base, Mentoring, Valid Driver License
 
Work Experience:
 
August 25 2015 to Present 
Document Specialist and File Clerk 
APEX Systems LLC
Prime: Lockheed Martin IS&GS
Fort Belvoir, VA

∙        Worked as a scanning machine operator to prepare documents for scanning, filing, and data 
retrieval. Documents and files to be incorporated into the Electronic Data Management System include: 
hardcopy and electronic source files, photographs, individual frames from video tapes, and other 
historical records.
∙        I was responsible for the quality control of scanned documents, meeting productivity targets, and 
interface documents with COTS software applications to include, but not limited to veFOIA or Retrieval 
Ware or Optical Character Recognition (OCR). 
∙        Responsible for securing classified files and uploading sensitive information to different databases 
in Excel.
∙        Experience with production scanning, Fujitsu scanners, Kofax Capture VRS Image Elite software, 
Windows 7 Dell workstation with Adobe Standard, Excel, SharePoint files.
Quality Control Specialist
APEX Systems LLC
Prime: Lockheed Martin IS&GS
Fort Belvoir, VA

∙        Worked the Electronic Data Management System include: hardcopy and electronic source files, 
photographs, individual frames from video tapes, and other historical records. I was responsible for the 
quality control of scanned documents, meeting productivity targets, and interface documents with COTS 
software applications. I followed the scanning Standard Operating Procedure and ensure that all 
scanned materials are returned to the original collection and location. I provided excellent 
organizational skills, the ability to differentiate between artifact types and the ability to determine the 

best method of scanning. Must have strong attention to detail, ability to follow procedures, and produce 
high quality results. Active DOD Secret Clearance. 
∙        Experience with production scanning, Fujitsu scanners, Kofax Capture VRS Image Elite software, 
Windows 7 Dell workstation with Adobe Standard, Excel, SharePoint files. Use of equipment with CAC 
readers and DoD information technology procedures. Maintaining logs and report documentations. 
Handling time sensitive and confidential materials. Responsible for securing classified files and uploading 
sensitive information to different databases in Excel. Stores documents in proper areas in facility. Ensure 
all information in alignment with security awareness briefing. Uploads individuals’ personal information 
into specified databases and review and print daily worksheets of all classified tasks.
February 24 2013 to Present
Human Resource Specialist for 354  Civil Affairs Brigade (Reservist)
United States Army Reserves/ Riverdale MD
 
th

•           Prepare and processes awards, evaluations, promotion packets, leave request, orders, ID cards, 
and other personnel actions.
 
June 2012 to February 24 2013
Education Clerk and Section Leader for Charlie 1/10
United States Marine Corps/ Camp Lejeune NC

•           Teach and mentor subordinates in the education of their job skills and test their knowledge of 
the skills needed to complete the job. Expand their job skills by teach what they need to improve to get 
promotions and advancements. Developing and updating Data Bases. Data input, Document creation, 
Input Personal Data into Archive System, Section Leader.
 
February 2011 to June 2012
Section Leader for Golf 2/12 5/10
United States Marine Corps/ Camp Lejeune, NC and Okinawa Japan
 

•           Supervisor of a section, Teaching and education Personnel in my Unit to advance their skills and 
education in their careers, grading and test people in my unit.
 
December 2007 to February 2011
TBS Schedule Clerk for The Basic School Scheduling office
United State Marine Corps, Quantico, VA
 

•           Manage and maintains schedules, Participated in training meeting, Completed all tasks assigned 
to my work section, Distributed and organized training and development schedules, Developing and 
updating Data Bases. Data input, Document creation, Input Personal Data into Archive System.
 
May 2005 to December 2007
Artillery Cannon crewman for Artillery Instructor Battery
United State Marine Corps, Quantico, VA
 

•           Teaching Officers in Artillery Job Skills, Mentoring fellow Marine Enlisted and Marine Officers.
 
November 2003 to May 2005
Section Leader/ Office Clerk for Charlie 1/10
United States Marine Corps/ Camp Lejeune NC

 

•           Leading a team of Military Personnel in Combat overseas, Data input, Document creation, Data 
base updates, Input Personal Data into Archive System.
 
May 2000 to November 2003
Artillery Cannon Crewman for Bravo 1/10
United States Marine Corps/ Camp Lejeune NC
 

•           Performing My Duties as Artillery Cannon Crew.
Education and Training:
 
May 1992
Deering High School 
High School Graduate.
Portland, ME.
 
September 2001
Marine Corps Institute: Certificate Major: Terrorism Awareness
Washington, DC.
 
September 2001
Marine Corps Institute: Certificate Major: Leadership
Washington, DC.
 
September 2001
Marine Corps Institute: Certificate Major: Personal Financial Management
Washington, DC.
 
February 2012
Marine Corps Institute: Certificate Major: Sergeants Distance Education Program
Washington, DC.
 
June 2012
Marine Corps Institute: Certificate Major: Staff Noncommissioned Officer Career Distance 
Education Program
Washington, DC.

REFERENCE SHEET
Professional Reference
 

Jamie Hinchey | Account Executive |Apex Systems
3190 Fairview Park Drive, Suite 200 | Falls Church, Virginia 22042
Office: 703‐256‐2000 | Mobile: 978‐618‐1564

jhinchey@apexsystemsinc.com
Major Manuel Munoz Work Phone: 703­692­4344
Headquarters USMC 
Washington, DC
manuel.munoz@usmc.mil
 
Dennis Pruitt Cell Phone: 910­450­8237
US Army 
Virginia
dennis.pruitt.mil@mail.mil

 
Darlene Czaikoski Work Phone: 703­432­6416
TBS S­3
Quantico, VA
 
 
Personal Reference
 
Rita Margaret Loudermilk Work Phone: 703­378­8813 
9416 Chatham Street Cell Phone: 703­901­8294
Manassas, Virginia. 20110 Home Phone: 703­330­0317
Rita.M.Loudermilk@comcast.net
James Arville Loudermilk II Work Phone: 202­324­6205
Cell Phone: 202­324­6205
 
Nicole Canoyer Work Phone: 703­526­4213
14304 Fullerton Road Home Phone: 571­285­2820
Woodbridge, Virginia. 22193

\n
Min Choi



Experience Summary



	Mr. Choi has over 16 years of system integration and engineering experience spanning multiple programs with various high profile companies including Accenture, Lockheed Martin, Sun Microsystems (now part of Oracle) and Fannie Mae.  Mr. Choi possess excellent critical problem solving skills in any mission critical systems and environments Mr. Choi is the Senior Solution Integration Consultant and Engineer for Talent Resource Hub, a subcontractor, working on Information Technology Application Services (ITAS) I and II program for Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).  Mr. Choi is responsible for designing and developing test plans for both functional and performance-testing requirements of multiple mission critical applications.  In this position, Mr. Choi also designed and developed automation test frameworks and strategies.  Mr. Choi also provided performance-testing leadership in his work as Senior Systems Integration and Test Engineer for the US 2010 Census program and UK 2011 Census program, and as a consultant supporting Enterprise Service Management Centre for the Australian Taxation Office.

Work Experience



Vidoori									       January 2015 - Present

Program – Vader II-DHS



System  Performance And Automation Lead / Virtualization Engineer



	● 	Design and implement virtualization for Vader Development and Test environment using

Microsoft Hyper-V

	● 	Automate all the installation and deployment script for Vader customer code.

	● 	Performed under hybrid agile iterative Rational Unified Process (RUP) to deliver the

SOURCE modernization for the Vader program.

	● 	Ensured traceability of functional, performance, and automation test cases to requirements and use cases

	● 	Managed product backlog items, decision items, tasks and bug tracking through

Microsoft Team Foundation Server 2013.

	● 	Identified risks and provided mitigation strategies for deliverables in relation to functionalities and performance goals.

	● 	Designed and developed performance test scripts using Selenium

	● 	Designed and developed automation test scripts using Microsoft Test Manager Coded

UI in Visual C#.




Salient Federal						 	             December 2014 - January 2015

Program – Information Technology Application Services (ITAS) II



System Performance And Automation Lead

	

	● 	Performed under hybrid agile iterative Rational Unified Process (RUP) to deliver the

SOURCE modernization for the ITAS II program.

	● 	Ensured traceability of functional, performance, and automation test cases to requirements and use cases

	● 	Managed product backlog items, decision items, tasks and bug tracking through

Microsoft Team Foundation Server 2013.

	● 	Identified risks and provided mitigation strategies for deliver-ables in relation to functionalities and performance goals.

	● 	Led the project team in analysis of  critical functional and performance issues, and developed solutions working closely with architecture and development team.

	● 	Designed and developed performance test scripts using SilkPerformer 15.0

	● 	Designed and developed automation test scripts using Microsoft Test Manager Coded

UI in Visual C#.



Accenture Federal		                               	              		                September 2013 - August 2013

Program – DHS TSA TIM (Technology Infrastructure Modernization)



System Performance Test Lead



	● 	Designed and developed performance test plans, cases and scripts using HP ALM Performance Center/LoadRunner 11 for TSA TIM application, a highly integrated credential management system.

	● 	Designed and developed external interfaces stubs that simulate external interfaces to allow validation and testing without live interface to external stakeholders.  Stubs were created using tools such as SoapUI MockServices and custom developed plugin for OpenFire XMPP communication server.

	● 	Executed and supported the entire performance test activities, capturing necessary

metrics and reporting back to management with results and status

	● 	Trained and mentored junior level team members



Talent Resource Hub							                     September 2007 - March 2012

Program – Decennial Response Integration System (DRIS) 2010



Sr. Solution Integration Consultant and Engineer, October 2007 - March 2012



	● 	Acted as the performance test lead to manage all aspects of performance testing activities from design, develop, and execution of performance testing in various mission critical applications across multiple programs for Lockheed Martin

	● 	Supported and troubleshoot Oracle Database RAC and DataGuard by providing technical expertise on finding problems and formulating solutions to improve quality and performance of the database infrastructure

	● 	Audited and analyzed data backup and archival process and system

	● 	Supported transition of re-phasing of the test lab environment and the success of the production build out

	● 	Created risks and support management based on test results and issues

	● 	Analyzed performance test results and make recommendation for performance tuning

	● 	Led 24/7 support for production including ensuring Service Level Agreement (SLA) deliverables are met on time

	● 	Supported coordination effort between field engineering, system administration, development and test teams

	● 	Identified and troubleshot issues with patch testing and deployment

	● 	Supported complex reconciliation effort to produce high confidence results

	● 	Performed functional/exception test testing, external interface testing and performance testing

	

Program – Enterprise Service Management Centre (ESMC) for Australian Taxation Office (ATO)

Senior Systems Integration and Test Engineer, May 2011 – August 2011



	● 	Captured contract requirements and design/develop test cases

	● 	Led test planning and requirement verifications of business performance benchmarking and reporting

	● 	Designed and developed performance test plans and procedures

	● 	Performed functional/exception testing and performance testing

	● 	Supported infrastructure analysis and capacity planning



Program – UK Census 2011

Senior Systems Integration and Test Engineer, September 2010 – April 2011



	● 	Designed and developed performance test plans, procedures and metrics

	● 	Analyzed performance test results and provide test results summary for management review

	● 	Managed and supported complex multi-tier Oracle database architecture handling over millions of transactions a day

	● 	Supported on-site test execution and environment preparation for System Readiness Test, Performance Test, and Operation Readiness Test.

	● 	Performed patch testing and performance testing

	




Globotech										    Feb 2000 - Sept 2007 



Client: Fannie Mae

Senior Infrastructure Architect, May 2006 – September 2007

	

	● 	Analyzed and designed system architecture supporting various financial applications for internal groups

	● 	Synthesized customer need changes and determine impacts to baseline architecture

	● 	Coordinated resources to ensure on-time project execution and deliverables on each area of responsibilities



Client: TrendHub

Senior Systems Integration and Engineer Consultant, September 2005 – March 2006



	● 	Led team of systems engineers to implement and manage client’s enterprise platforms and websites

	● 	Managed multi-tier enterprise application supporting individual skin analysis for cosmetics database



Client: Sun Microsystems

Senior Systems and Solutions Engineer Consultant, November 2004 – August 2005



	● 	Audited and performance tuned Comcast’s Weblogic Cluster environment supporting millions of customers nationwide for automatic self-provisioning system

	● 	Analyzed and performance tuned i4Commerce’s Weblogic Cluster environment

		supporting billions of transaction daily for credit authorization system (Bill Me Later)

	● 	Designed and implemented robust LDAP solution supporting over 400,000 users using SunONE Directory Server



Client: Fannie Mae 

Senior Systems and Solutions Engineer Consultant, November 2000 – September 2004

	

	● 	Supported and managed integration and deployment of internal group e-commerce platforms

	● 	Designed and implemented secure proxy server architecture using Inktomi’s Traffic

		Server and Websense content/site filtering

	● 	Developed and integrated global redundancy solution using Resonate’s Global Dispatch

	● 	Managed deployment of e-commerce platforms using iPlanet Enterprise Server, Directory Server, Weblogic, ATG Dynamo Servers, and Oracle Database for eFannieMae.com.

	● 	Designed and implemented robust LDAP solution supporting over 400,000 users using SunONE Directory Server






Client: Lockheed Martin

Senior System Engineer Consultant, February 2000 – September 2000

	

	● 	Performed functional tests and patch testing for Census 2000 Data Capture System (DCS)

	● 	Managed over 1,000 multi-tier, multi-environment servers and workstations in production

	● 	Supported performance tests and tuning for Census DCS

	● 	Designed and developed Windows scripts and VB scripts to improve system administration tasks

	



Digiweb/Interliant							       August 1997 - January 2000

Lead Engineer, September 1998 – January 2000

	

	● 	Managed team of system administrators to support over 200 web servers, application servers, and database servers

	● 	Analyzed and implemented security policies for internal infrastructure

	● 	Led support of over 15,000 clients’ hosted web sites and enterprise applications

	● 	Provided project management and capacity planning for implementation and deployment of clients’ enterprise platforms and applications to internal hosting infrastructure



System Engineer, August 1997 – August 1998



	● 	Interfaced with customers to provide solution and integration plan for their web sites and applications

	● 	Managed over 150 servers in a heterogeneous environment

	● 	Supported and managed real time media streaming services using Real Audio/Video and Windows Media Streaming

	● 	Provided network administration for internal network infrastructure

	

Technical Skills

			

			Languages:  	Assembly, C, C++, HTML, SQL



			Software:  	MS Office Suite, Active Directory, Oracle 9i/10g/11g, MS SQL Server, IBM Rational Clearcase/Clearquest/Requisite  Pro, IBM Websphere MQ, MS MQ, Sun JMS, Plexus Floware, Symantec Backup Exec, Net Backup, IBML SoftTrac, WebSphere Application Server, Weblogic



			Test Tools:  		HP ALM (including HP Quality Center and HP Performance Center/LoadRunner), SilkPerformer, SilkTest, Selenium, JMeter, Microsoft Test Manager, Neoload



			Systems: 		Windows 2000/2003/2008 Server, Solaris, RedHat, AIX



			Certification: 		Cisco Certified Network Administrator



Education



University of Maryland at Baltimore County, Baltimore, MD

Bachelor of Science, Information Systems Management: June 2003





Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Min Choi	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 6\n
VIVEK SHADRAK DEO

1102 Courtney Road, Baltimore, MD 21227 | 443-210-0893 | deovivek27@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/vivekdeo



EDUCATION 

University of Maryland Baltimore County, Baltimore, MD                                                                                           May 2017
Master of Science, Information Systems                                                                                                          
Coursework: (Adv Database, Data Analytics in Cybersecurity, Project Management & Software Engineering 



University of Pune, Pune, India       								                         May 2011

Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering                                                                                                  		          	            



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Synechron Tech, Pune                                                   	                                                            	March 2012 – July 2015 

Software Associate Analyst							                                           

Monitored and supported .Net/Jave based application for CSRs and End Users on web based for Insurance domain

Expert in system configuration, application log analysis and windows servers & MS SQL database logs maintenance

Analysed production system behaviour to investigate ServiceDesk & ServiceNow tickets using MS SQL queries

Performed schema object dependencies and change reviews before releasing the change into production system

Configuration of IIS 6, IIS 7, Windows Features, Microsoft DAX, Microsoft CRM, Microsoft SharePoint

Optimized complex queries involving multiple tables, joins, and stored procedures for monitoring tools

Articulated various documents like Release procedure, Installation/configuration/Migration guidelines

Standardized the guidelines for variety of set up activities, daily routine jobs and action items 

Experienced on complete ITIL process which includes Release Management, Change Management, Problem Management and Incident Management



		PROJECT

		Event Management & Reporting System                                                			          January 2016 – April 2016

Database creation using PL/SQL for developing a system for event booking using Oracle including feature designing 

Created database schema including DML and DDL queries, inserting data, writing Trigger, Cursors Procedures, Functions to provide required features to the Event system

		UMBC Event Booking System                                                                   		         September 2015 – December 2015

An active team member for building system requirement/planning/design document for Design & Analysis course, created UML document like Use Case, Context, Sequence, Entity-Relationship(ER), Class diagram.

Work of functional and non-functional requirement elicitation for explaining features of online event booking system for different events scheduled in the university.

		Restaurant Recommendation System                                                       		         September 2015 – December 2015 

Implemented a Decision Support System to analyse and evaluate a restaurant based on historical review data 

User review dataset was cleaned & pre-processed in excel and stored into Oracle and Developed a Java front-end UI to accept inputs from user

		

		SOFTWARE SKILLS

		Tools & Skills: MS SQL 2008, Oracle 11g PL/SQL, WEKA, MS Excel, MS Project, MS Visio, Rational Rose, ServiceDesk, Batch Scripting, MS SharePoint, MS CRM, JBoss, VM, HP QC, Manual Testing

Operating System:   Windows XP, 7, 8, Server 2003, Server 2008 R2, Linux (RHEL 5, Ubuntu)

Certification: Red Hat Certified Engineer RHCE, ITIL v3 Foundation



LEADERSHIP/AWARDS

Vice President for Graduate Indian Student Association at University of Maryland, Baltimore County

Team Head for National Level Project Competition and Quizzo-mania Tech at undergraduate college.

Volunteered for 2 years as CSR member teaching English, Maths, drawing & scomputer skills to specially-abled kids

Winner for Surpass Award in Synechron for month of February 2014.

Winner of Employee of the month in Synechron for Quarter two in year 2014.\n
Brendina Barreto							                                                                        

3500,North Star Road, Apt 432,Richardson, TX 75082

Mobile No: +1 925 918 5268 Email: brendinab@gmail.com

Professional Summary                                                                                                               

7+ years of IT Experience in Application Support (Production support), DevOps. Administration of Weblogic, Iplanet, Oracle fusion middleware(SOA,OSB) on  Solaris, AIX, Linux and Windows.

Good experience in troubleshooting, installation, configuration and administration activities for WebLogic 11g 

Experience in creating Domains, Servers, Clusters, Diagnostic Modules, Coherence Servers, policies and users from console.

Involved in configuring JMS Concepts which include Queues, Topics, Connection Factories, Destinations, Bridges etc.

Experience in  JDBC, JMS, JNDI  and configuring Node Manager 

Good experience in deploying applications on WebLogic SOA and OSB. 

Deploying applications (JAR, WAR and EAR) and related troubleshooting in clustered environment using Admin console. 

Knowledge of deployment of various applications (WAR, JAR, EAR) on BEA Weblogic and Oracle fusion Middleware SOA via admin console, Weblogic Command Line Deploy tool and Hudson

Worked on Load & Performance Testing for OSB/SOA, Weblogic domains and Vordel.

Knowledge of using Memory Analyzer, GC Viewer and Samurai to analyze heap and thread dumps.

Experience in Installation and Configuration of iplanet Web servers.

Experience with SVN and in build and deploy using CI tools as Hudson, Jenkins.

Knowledge and experience in GIT, Dockers and Chef.

Experience in implementing WebLogic patches, updates, and fixes as necessary

Knowledge of SOA BPEL and OSB proxies and business services creation.

Knowledge of working with SB console & EM console.

Experience in Shell scripting, and WLST in Red Hat Linux.

Experienced in setting up Splunk for logging, reporting and alerting from application logs.

Configuring and managing secured environments using SSL and Certificates.

Debugging the errors and fixing of the problems encountered during the different phase of the Production System life cycle.                                                           

Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment and work on any project skills.

Moderate work experience on  TcServer(tomcat), apache and Alfresco

Monitoring XML messages using Vordel Xml Gateway.

Experience in trouble shooting issues under extreme pressure conditions and time constraints.

Worked closely with development and testing teams to implement fixes in Testing and Production environments.

Performance and availability monitoring using Mercury BAC, BMC Patrol, OEM, Hyperic. 

	

Professional Experience 

Working for Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd as Advanced Application Engineering Specialist from June 2009 to Till Date.

													Educational Qualification					                                         			

	B.E (Computer Engineering) from Goa College of Engineering (Goa University) with Distinction.

Technical Skills              

							       Operating System                                : Windows, AIX , Sun Solaris, Linux

	       Application Server                              : WebLogic 9.2 , 11g, VMware Vfabric tcserver

	       Web Servers                                          : Iplanet, Apache, Sun One WS

	       Databases                                               : Oracle 11g

					Programming Languages                    : Java, SQL

				       Scripting Languages                            : Shell, WLST

						       Middleware Technologies                  : Oracle OSB 11g, SOA11g, Vordel gateway 6.1.2

      Thread/Heap dumps Analysis           : Memory Analyzer, Samurai, Jrockit Mission Control

		       Application monitoring tool              : OEM, Nagios, Hyperic, System Pulse, BMC Patrol,

      					 Mercury BAC

       Application worked on		: Actuate, Alfresco, Portals, Vordel

       CI Tools 				: Hudson, Jenkins

       VCS Tools				: SVN, GIT

       CM Tools				: Chef

       Other Tools			: Toad, SQL Developer, BMC Remedy, Service Now

		

		

			

Projects Profile

		AT&T

	Project # AT&T Online Services 

								Client	:  AT&T Online Services 	                            September 2009– March 2013

								Team Size	:  6

        Environment	:  Weblogic, Iplanet WS , Sun One WS, BMC Patrol, BMC Remedy, Mercury BAC monitoring tool, Site Minder, Connect direct

						    Role	:   Weblogic/iPlanet Admin, Production Support

		    Description              : Online services was a suite of servicing and ordering application for Bellsouth    9 states.  Servicing applications had customer end users and the ordering apps had customer and customer rep end users. Totally 25 applications were supported; 10 were mission critical with 24/7 uptime

		

		Responsibilities:

		

		Production Support



Day to Day application support. Supporting mission critical web based & mobility applications running on UNIX systems targeting a 24x7 environment focused on 100% system operational uptime.

Outage Management (worked as a Technical Outage Manager and Resolution Manager) & Outage prevention by being proactive.

Analysis on user reported issues. 

RCA and fix for batch job failures. 

Handling production releases and Supporting maintenance activities

Worked on Configuring/maintaining Disaster recovery envt. Handling DR Related activities.

Client value creation and implementation. (Proposed/Implemented Shutdown of Application, Retirement of servers batch jobs, DB User ID’s)

Problem management and Change management using BMC Remedy 

Creation of necessary documentation to support. (Job Aids ) 

Shell Scripting to monitor systems. Reduced Effort/ Proposed/implemented ideas which saved time.

Performance and availability monitoring using Mercury BAC and BMC Patrol. 

Involved in Managerial work – Managing resources and their work, meeting deadlines, creating necessary company level documentation, Managing release work.



		Infrastructure/Admin Support

		

Worked on Weblogic & iPlanet installation, configuration and administration activities on various OS environments such as Solaris & AIX.

Worked on troubleshooting issues related to weblogic.

Performed all admin related work; Creating Domains, Servers, Clusters, policies and modifying startup scripts. Experience in using WebLogic.Admin, WebLogic.Deployer and WebLogic.Server commands.

Involved in configuring JMS Concepts which includes Queues, Topics, Connection Factories.

Worked on configuring node manager.

Configuring & Monitoring of Data Sources and Muti Data Sources.

Apply Patches in Weblogic via bsu utility

Knowledge of deployment of various applications (WAR, JAR, EAR) on BEA Weblogic via admin console and Hudson

SSL certificate renewal for weblogic & iplanet

Migrating weblogic 8.1/9.2 Apps to WLS10.3 and iplanet from iws6.x to iws7

Java Upgrade for AIX & Solaris

Shutdown/retirement of weblogic, iplanet, siteminder

Performed necessary static content changes, config changes for iplanet. 

Basic siteminder and LDAP administration techniques.

Installation of the voltage toolkit on the servers 

Worked on Connect Direct Configuration mainly for transferring files between Unix box and mainframe systems.

Involved in troubleshooting production issues and in escalating the issues as per the requirement.

Experience in trouble shooting failed mission critical production systems under extreme pressure conditions and time constraints.

Worked closely with development and testing teams to implement fixes in Testing and Production environments.

		

		

		

			

Projects Profile

		Softcard acquired by Google

	Project # Softcard mobile wallet 

								Client	:  Softcard	                                     May 2013– February 2015

								Team Size	:  20

						 	Environment	:  Red Hat Linux, Oracle WebLogic 11g, Tcserver,              

						                                           Oracle OSB, SOA Suite, Vordel XML Gateway, Oracle 11g, SVN, Jenkins

						    Role	:   WebLogic/SOA Administrator, , DevOps

Description	: 	: The Softcard mobile wallet is a mobile application which can be the replacement of physical Credit/Debits cards and wallet, fundamentally changing how you shop, pay and save all with your phone. It can be used for payments in partnered merchants where point of sale NFC device is in operation. Wallet server will maintain the wallet customer/user profile information and interact with other components of application to provide requested data.  The complexity behind the Mobile Wallet (Secure Element, TSM) should not be visible to the user. The design of the Mobile Wallet and its enabling hardware/software components must ensure a simple user experience.

	Responsibilities:

Installation, Configuration, Troubleshooting, Maintenance and all administrative tasks for WebLogic Server, OSB and SOA

Troubleshooting the various issues in Oracle fusion Middleware components.

Responsible for installing SOA/OSB/WLS Patches from lower Environments till PROD

Configured JDBC Connection pools, data sources for Oracle database, JMS Configuration and node manager on Oracle WebLogic server.

Performing deployments via SB console and Hudson and for SOA services in Enterprise Manager Console.

Worked on Thread dump and Heap Dump analysis using the tools Jrockit Mission Control/Memory Analyzer to identify the issues. 

Analyze garbage collection using GC viewer

Done code deployments and code builds on Linux and application deployments on WebLogic server in stage mode.

Knowledge of deployment of various applications (WAR, JAR, EAR) via admin console, Hudson, Weblogic Command Line Deploy tool

Source code repository management like repository creation, branching, tagging, user access rules creation and writing SVN hooks scripts for check in rules.

Installation, Configuration, Troubleshooting & Maintenance of Tcserver.

Monitoring of application with different monitoring tools like OEM and Hyperic and troubleshooting of issues.

Monitoring and supporting apache web servers and vFabric tc Server

Monitoring and maintaining Vordel gateway.

Handling alerts and issues related to Vordel gateway.

Performing maintenance activities for apache web servers, vFabric tc Server and Vordel gateway.

Played a role of Incident Manager and handled priority bridges and communications. Aware of the SLA process in the support mechanism and also escalating the issue accordingly  

Involved in preparing the RCA for the critical issues which had production impact from the weblogic/platform layer





			

Projects Profile

		Kaiser Permanente

	       Project # Revenue Capture

								Client	:  Kaiser Permanente, CA, USA		                              April 2015– Till Date

								Team Size	:  8

						 	Environment	:  Windows 2008, System Pulse, Optum Claims Manager, SQL, Oracle 11g &12c, 

						    Role	:  Application Administrator 

       Description		:  Optum Claims Manager is used by hospitals for scrubbing/validating    insurance claims. Claims are sent to claims manager by the main health care system and are sent back with updates after being validated.

						

	  

	 Responsibilities:

Primary Infrastructure administrator in a client facing role for Kaiser Permanente

Up gradation of application to latest version which involved getting engaged with DBA for oracle migration from 11g to 12c 

Oracle 11g & 12c installation on windows

Installation of adhoc updates on the application

Maintenance of the servers.

Performance Tuning for the application

Involved with new requirements, taking decisions and analysis on changes required, managing all changes for the application & servers. 

Working with business and co-ordination between various teams ( PM, vendor, DBA, wintel, Offshore teams, etc) 

Performing upgrades, installations. and all maintenance work

Handling Production outages and ensuring resolution 

Worked with other teams on weblogic admin work along with Jenkins and SVN . Assisted in routine activities as well as in issues.





Personal Details



Interests:    Organizing events, travelling, reading Novels

	Date of Birth: 19th May, 1987 

Work Status: H1B

Achievements: 

Rising Star Stellar Award CMT DU award in 2011 for contributions in automation and project delivery in Accenture. 

Shining Star Stellar Award for CMT DU in August 2013 for significant contribution in troubleshooting critical production, infrastructure issues and excellent commitment towards project deliverables in Accenture. 

Quality Award in 2012.

Best Team award in 2012. (AT&T)

ACE(Accenture Celebrate Excellence) award winner for Business( client champion) in 2016

Provided trainings in RDBMS , Weblogic & unix in DU

Fluent in English, Hindi and Konkani languages. Basic knowledge and understanding of Portuguese.\n
4318 #101, Rowalt Drive, College Park, MD 20740
(347) 748 2575 • sheena.khemani@rhsmith.umd.edu

SHEENA KHEMANI
Results-oriented, highly productive professional with over 3 years of success in applying sound problem solving skills to
create efficiencies and resolve highly complex issues within tight timeframes. Act as a key member of the team
influencing a clear vision for success with an aptitude to establish and meet goals. Expert communicator with the proven
ability to synthesize complex information and identify the needs of the customers. Possess in-depth, hands-on experience
with different technology stacks, have strong learning capacity, and can-do mentality.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Effective Communication
Requirements Analysis
Agile Methodologies
Team Leadership & Adaptability
Functional Specification
Problem Solving & Troubleshooting
Cross-functional Teams
Data Modeling & Analysis
Performance Improvement
Software Lifecycle
Strategic & Visionary Planning
Financial Acumen
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming: R, PYTHON, Java, SQL, XML, HTML, CSS
Tools: Hadoop, MapReduce, Tableau, Excel (Palisades)
Competencies: Sales force ERP, Regression, Optimization, Decision Trees, Pivot Tables, Agile
PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND
INFOSYS LIMITED., INDIA
OCT 2014 – APR 2016
SYSTEMS ENGINEER
§ Designed and implemented system migration tool for transforming data from client’s legacy system to an upgraded
schema through SQL scripts.
§ Resolved redundancies in database schema using SQL queries; improved system performance by increasing relation
conversion rate from 300 to 600 tables per iteration.
§ Analyzed complex business requirements and created high-level design, project time estimates, and technical plans
to redesign client inventory management system.
§ Effectively collaborated with a cross-functional team of 40 to perform system integration testing to capture 150
functional and performance level defects; ensured excellent quality of the submitted deliverables.
§ Implemented query optimization techniques to enhance database performance by 50% and reduce security
vulnerabilities by 60%.
NIRMAL BANG SECURITIES PVT. LTD., INDIA
JAN 2014 – OCT 2014
JUNIOR FINANCIAL ANALYST
§ Conducted in-depth technical, fundamental and derivative market research to evaluate industry growth for a wide
array of products.
§ Tracked changes in government policies of various sectors and momentum in the market; analyzed financial
information to establish business reports for use in making management decisions.
§ Authored reports, Tableau visualizations and dashboards using Tableau Desktop on general economic trends,
individual corporations, and industries, thereby eliminated investment risks by $100,000.
§ Reviewed and analyzed monthly financial performance results to identify and mitigate problems in daily operations,
increasing efficiency by 30%.
SOFT GALAXY SERVICES PVT. LTD., INDIA
JUN 2012 – AUG 2012
BUSINESS ANALYST INTERN
§ Developed a cross-platform Android application - e-commerce Common Communication Platform, sold to a German
client for $12,000.
§ Created Requirement Specifications, Use Case Diagrams, High Level and Detailed Process Flows as well as
standardized a process that decreased requirements gathering and analysis time by 50%.
§ Led team as a Scrum Master using Agile methodology following 2 weeks’ sprint cycles to deliver software on time
and within budget.
ACADEMIC PROJECT
Data modeling, Time series and Forecasting of Google Trends – Movies released per month
OCT 2016
§ Performed data analysis to build a forecasting model; predicted future movie releases using variable transformation
in a regression based trend model.
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
§ Master of Science in Information Systems, Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College
Park, MD, Dec 2017
Ambassador, Smith Masters Student Association (SMSA)
Relevant Coursework: Big Data, Data Mining, Database Management Systems, Data Models and Decisions.
§ Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology, GPA: 3.7, Shri Shankaracharya Institute of Professional
Management and Technology (SSIPMT), India, 2013

\n
Stanley Alexander

		Stanley Alexander



Professional Summary:

	Supervised teams of 14-20 coworkers, exceeded departmental expectations

	Two time Magellan Health Services Excellence Rewards Program Winner

	Member Society Human Resource Management

	

Professional Experience: 



Performance Development Group Melvern, PA

Remote LMS Succesfactors Business Consultant					   April-2017-June 2017

				

Process learning management requests for service in remote centralized learning helpdesk with Salesforce, Workday and SuccesFactors LMS  E-Learning technology and service management ticketing systems

Provide advanced technical troubleshooting and workflow design reporting analytics for biopharma organization with quarterly travel to client sites for collaboration and implementation



Volunteers of America Minneapolis, MN 						     June 2016-October 2016
 Remote Contract HRIS Analyst/ HR Business Analyst

Created and manage Human Resources diversity, payroll, and recruiting corporate compliance reports in UltiPro HRIS technology while managing HR projects from design to completion 

Maintained and design organizational training and knowledge transfer for Human Resources Vice-President and Directors on system processes and report functionality and design

YMCA, Minneapolis, MN 

HRIS Solutions Analyst							                        August 2015 – November 2015

Interviewed Subject Matter Experts for business process improvement of HRIS System

Created content for E-Learnings with Articulate Story-line and SAP Success factors Learning Management System  while serving as corporate system administrator, and other vendor course implementation

Coached and trained data entry staff and managers in hiring processes at YMCA sites using KRONOS Talent Management and KRONOS Workforce Central

Processed payroll checks for off-cycle runs in KRONOS Workforce Central and Wells Fargo CEO

Traveled to consult with leaders on strategic Human Resources goals and direction while managing HR projects from creation and implementation 



The Language Banc Minneapolis, MN 						 November 2014-August 2015

Human Resources Director 

Performed and created compliance audits of medical language interpreters and health service staff with HIPPA, TB and medical requirements according to vendor hospital contracting requirements and clinic resolution process for escalated issues, managing HR Projects including course implementation and interpreter predictive assessment

Trained and coached independent contractor staff in performance, conducted new hire orientation, created training materials, organized staff incentives coordinated vendors and corrective action for business compliance when needed

Preformed recruitment, selection and placement activities of rare language sources and specialty medical therapists including background checks and on-boarding

Xcel Energy Minneapolis, MN

Contractor-HR Coordinator Talent Workforce Management Technology                                    April 2014 – November 2014      

 

Processed E-Learning Talent Management and LMS HR project management course library implementation SAP Success factors

Created content for E-Learnings with Articulate Story-line- mixed media e-learning courses

Wrote, edited, posted, job descriptions in Taleo Applicant Tracking Systems

Responded to and follow up on Remedy IT tickets and process with partnership from IT helpdesk

Managed training rooms scheduling

Worked with trainers and hiring leaders to process job postings with People-Soft Reports, background checks, offers, drug screens

Performance Management technology support for managers and employee development including succession planning HR software application (SAP-SuccessFactors)

	Updated PeopleSoft employee data in Workforce Administration, Payroll and Compensation based on HR reports 

	Interim Inter-Government Membership Coordinator 

	State of Minnesota- Pharmacy Alliance                                                                                                   October 2013-January 2014

Coordinated, reviewed, approved, applications for healthcare facilities, educational institutions, Government agencies

Negotiated with vendors

Designed databases to organize membership by cost analysis, population size, type and quantity of healthcare products used 

Worked with internal pharmacists to obtain maximum drug pricing, medical supplies, specialized healthcare programs

Senior Workforce Management Corporate Business Analyst

Best Buy Corporation   Minneapolis, MN                                                                                 September 2012 - April 2013         

Piloted new processes and forecast Contact Center workloads, in Service Repair Contact Center using Aspect EWFM, Avaya CMS SAP Success factors Learning Management System

Led efficiency improvements, improve financial results through effective Project Management and budget forecast preparation  reporting creation  including and other e-learning course implementation 

Developed E-Learning content, managed projects 

Managed Contact Centers offshore vendors forecasting, mentored staff and managers in Workforce Management forecasting and scheduling processes



Contractor-Scheduling Coordinator Workforce Management Business Analyst

Prostaff @ Target Corporation Minneapolis, MN                                                                 August 2012 -September 2012         

Scheduled trainings, meetings, off phone activities in IEX TotalView for both internal and Global SAP Success factors LMS Workforce Management Vendors for 1700 seat Multi-Channel Contact Center including Learning Management System Administration 

Forecasted Call Center internal and Vendor volumes. Worked to fill staffing container gaps with Contact Center Vendors

Corporate Call Center Workforce Management Business Analyst 

Centene Corporation Minneapolis, MN                                                                                  April   2009- September 2011

Processed daily schedule updates and payroll in Blue Pumpkin Workforce Management system for Nurses/Customer Service Agents, fill staffing Nursing gaps in schedules

Facilitated password resets, VPN Citrix remote connection assistance, emergency crisis management

Developed E-Learning and PowerPoint Trainings, healthcare claims call center reports, executive summaries for Member, Provider, Claims, Behavioral Health crisis and 24/7 emergency room triage Call Centers 

Designed Call Monitoring program using Verint Impact 360 Witness, conducted audits on call monitoring, audit tool development, reporting  implementation coordination with Learning Management System (LMS) and vendor courseware management and implementation 

Traveled to Call Centers, train management, make assessments, recommendations, quarterly quality site visit 

	                      

Supervisor Contact Center Reservations/Communications

Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, St. Louis, MO                                                                       April 2008- April 2009

Coached, counseled, and trained Reservations and Call Center staff, exceeded room revenue goals 

Processed employee performance reviews and payroll 

Designed employee training and forms, participated in process improvement activities

Provided feedback, conducted  quality call audits on service quality standards, and sales 

Achieved 88,000 + Revenue in 3 months



Supervisor Workforce, Customer Service Authorization Services             

	Magellan Health Radiology Services St. Louis, MO                                                                    February 2007- April 2008

Interviewed, supervised, evaluated, trained teams of 22-26 Customer Service Representatives

Managed health insurance plan accounts 

Managed team budget of over $340,000 including employee bi-weekly payroll processing utilizing ADP software

Coordinated Help-Desk employee PC and Telephone moves in Remedy and Heat Self-Service, call routing, assigned courses to staff in (LMS) provided reporting from system

Administered Employee compensation and benefits, salary and bonus adjustments, FMLA, performance reviews, performance improvement plan and termination processing, attend court depositions, employee event planning

Managed virtual Contact Center using Avaya CMS and IEX TotalView Workforce Management software



Team Leader Tele-Recruitment                                   

	American National Red Cross St. Louis, MO                                                                                         May 2005-May 2006

Supervised, evaluated and monitored team of  20-25 call center agents in an outbound call center

Met or exceeded daily and monthly departmental goals, provided technical assistance with MS Excel and MS Outlook products



RELATED EXPERIENCE

Remote LMS Succesfactors Business Consultant Performance Development Group  April-2017-June 2017

Telecommute-Contract HRIS Analyst Volunteers of America Minneapolis, MN June 2016-September 2016

HRIS Solutions Analyst YMCA Greater Twin Cities August 2015 – November 2015

Contractor-HR-Talent Management Technology Consultant  Xcel Energy 2014

    

  Skills- Accreditation- Certificates: 

Presentations, Office Management, Tech Support,  ADP E-Time, Avaya IP Agent, Digital Data Voice Hosted Interactive Voice Response Unit, Procedure Development, Avaya CMS, IEX TotalView, Heat Self-Service, Blue Pumpkin, Aspect EWFM Remedy Helpdesk, IVR & CTI Technology, Opera PM,  Verint Impact 360, Pharmacy Helpdesk, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Microsoft CRM, Microsoft Visio. Learning Management Systems, KRONOS Talent Management, KRONOS Workforce Central, Contact Center Forecasting and Scheduling, Workforce Management, IVR Digital Data Voice and Self Service Management Design, SuccessFactors SAP LMS, Taleo Recruiting and Administration, Remedy, PeopleSoft, Meeting Planner, SharePoint, PeopleSoft, Process Improvement/Business Analysis Skillsoft E-Learning NICE and Witness Verint Call Recording software, UltiPro, HRIS technology                                                                           

Human Resources Fundamentals (HRCI/PHR)•Developing Human Resources(HRCI/PHR)•Employment Management (HRCI/PHR)•Programs to Benefit Employees (HRCI/PHR)•Recruiting and Selecting Candidates (HRCI/PHR)•Employment Relations (HRCI/PHR)•Developing Employees (HRCI/PHR)•Non-Unionized Workplaces (HRCI/PHR)•Risk Assessment and Prevention (HRCI/PHR)•Offers, Contracts, and Exit from the Organization (HRCI/PHR)•Risk Assessment and Prevention (HRCI/PHR)•Employment Relations (HRCI/PHR)•Unionized Workplaces (HRCI/PHR) •Strategic Management (HRCI/PHR)•Health and Safety in the Workplace (HRCI/PHR)•Compensating Employees (HRCI/PHR)•Affirmative Action and the EEO (HRCI/PHR).\n
ABEBAW AYELE

		6040 14th St NW Washington DC 20011

202-629-7212 	abex72@gmail.com





SUMMARY



IT professional, 5+ years customer service experience 

CompTIA A+ and Microsoft SQL DBA Certified

Excellent communication, coordination, presentation and analytical skills





TECHNICAL SKILLS





Configure and repair Desktop and Laptop PCs

Install, troubleshoot SW/HW

Administer domain accounts with Active Directory

MS Office 2010 Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook

Install workstation PCs 

Configure and restore wireless and wired connectivity 

Perform software testing

Customer Service

Database Programming:

T-SQL

MS SQL Server integration services /SSIS/.

SQL Reporting Service /SSRS.

C++













EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS



	Per Scholas IT-Ready Training, Silver Spring, MD				                   December, 2016 

	CompTIA A+ Certification 

	Compass Micro System IT Solutions and Training, Silver Spring, MD		            August, 2015

	Microsoft® database administrator certification. (MSCS) SQL 

	B.Sc. in MATHEMATICS, Dilla University, Ethiopia				                  September, 2002





PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



	Carlyle DuPont Circle Hotel 	                              	    2015-2016

	Bellman

	

Engage with over 100 guests per day

Solves any issue that arrive regarding guests services

Inform guests of the procedures and policies and provide emergency  information

Work with colleagues to ensure a positive environment 



	MMT General Trading 	      	    2011-2014     

Transport and customs clearing Department team leader   

                                                                                              

Selected shipment routes, based on nature of goods shipped, transit times, or security needs.

Determined efficient and cost-effective methods of moving goods from one location to another.

Communicated effectively with clients and respond to their requirements.

Supervised staff members within the Department

Perform daily, weekly and monthly reviews and analyses of current processes using operational metrics and reports.

Coordinate with clients for necessary documents for Customs clearance

	

	

	Ethiopian Airport Customs Office                                                                                                 2003-2011

	Valuation and data assessment senior officer 

Compared data with documents to verify and detect errors to meet requirements. 

Generated Excel Monthly Inventory report through built-in Crystal Report scripts from data base system software.

Train users and new employees in details of system operation (ASYCUDA++)

Perform software application and website user experience testing and Report bugs to developers.

Excellent communication, coordination, presentation and analytical skills\n
SANGAM KARKI



Summary:

Business Analyst with over 7 years of experience in the Healthcare, Finance and Banking domains.

In depth knowledge of System Development Life Cycles (SDLC) and Iterative SDLC process. Thorough understanding of Rational Unified Process (RUP) guidelines and rational tools used throughout the project life cycle.

Developed various business vision documents involving Business Glossary, Architecture and Business Modeling and Business Use Cases.

Rational Unified Process methodologies were followed for most projects to ensure a streamlined and efficient process in developing Business Requirement Documents (BRD) and Functional Requirement Documents (FRD) and use cases.

Extensive experience gathering Business Requirements, Business Modeling, developing Project Plan and Scope documents, System Architecture and assisting in Feasibility Studies.

Worked closely with Project Manager and experienced in project management including project planning, scope layout, project definition, budget.

Strong understanding of the Healthcare Industry, specializing in Medicare and Medicaid benefits.

Hands on experience working with HIPAA rules and regulations along with good understanding of Electronic Data Exchange (EDI) like 837 (Claims & Encounters) 834 (Benefit Enrollment & Maintenance) 835 (Claim Payment/Advice) 270/271 (Eligibility Benefit Inquiry &Response) 277/275 (Claim Request for additional Information) 276/277(Claim Status Request / Response) HIPPA 4010 and ICD-9 &10

Participation in stakeholder reference groups used to validate and refine business requirements to better understand the objectives and business rules that apply to required HL7 interfaces

Hands on experience with Change Management process-using tools like Clear Case and Clear Quest to track changes brought on by business actors associated with the project.

Experience developing various state, activity, class and use case diagrams to better understand the process dataflow.

Experience and knowledge of testing business process within client server, web and mainframe environment.

Experienced in detail Loan Origination process from inception to closing.

Experienced in deploying and migrating to Windows 7 from a pre-existing different operating system.

Experienced conducting compliance check for different applications that are used on Windows 7 platform and migrating application and documents to Windows 7. 

Experienced working in enhancement of ecommerce website with new features that helps increase customer retention rate.

Experienced in identifying and communicating business and technical needs and collaborate it into the design then implementation of system solutions.

Proficient using rational tools including Rational Rose, Rational Clear Quest, Rational Requisite Pro, Rational Clear Case, Rational Team Concert, Rational Requirement Composer.

Initiated and conducted various Joint Application Development Sessions (JAD) to help better understand user requirements before entering the development phase and also conducted various Rapid Development Sessions (RAD) to develop a user acceptable design on an early stage in the project.

Good working experience of Data mapping using MS SQL and MS Access.

Highly proficient in MS Office suite of products with extensive experience with MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS FrontPage, MS Excel and Project.



Education:

MBA in General Business Administration

BBA in Finance



Technical Tools:



		Databases

		Oracle 8/8i, SQL Server, MS Access, DB2

Operating Systems

		Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP/Vista/7, UNIX, Linux, Mac

		Version Control Tool

		Rational Clear Case

		Defect Tracking Tools

		Rational Clear Quest, Test Director

		Business Modeling Tools

		Rational Rose, Rational Requisite Pro, Microsoft Visio, Rational Requirement Composer, Balsamiq, Crystal Report

		Methodologies and skills

		SWOT Analysis, GAP Analysis, Cost Benefit Analysis, Cost Effect Analysis, Agile Development, RUP, UML, SDLC, Six Sigma, CMM, SharePoint, SOAP, ISO 9001

		Testing Tools

		Rational Test Manager, Rational Enterprise Suite, Mercury Test Director, Rational Robot, WinRunner, LoadRunner, HPQC

		Project Management Tools

		MS Project, Rational Team Concert



Professional Experience:

Fresenius Medical Care, Waltham, Massachusetts  	                                                                          Feb 2011 – July 2012     Business System Analyst

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading company devoted to patient-oriented renal therapy. The scope of the project is to Implement a web based claims processing and management application to manage health insurance claims electronically. This software is a web-based electronic claims processing solution providing real-time patient insurance information. The application connects the organization to the largest all-payer network of commercial and government health plans nationwide to provide a wealth of real-time patient benefit information. Data is automatically translated to meet HIPAA compliance standards and the privacy of transactions is protected with the highest level of internet-based security. 

Responsibilities:

Basic Responsibilities involved the analyzing end user requirements using Caliber RM and communicating and modeling them to the development team.

Took critical part in project management including Project Plan and Scope to layout the Project Definition, Budget and various factors affecting the project.

Initiated JAD sessions with End Users through one on one and group interviews to better understand the user requirements.

Created user story, activity, sequence diagrams of the required system to enable clear project idea and goals following Scrum.

Created low fidelity wireframes and mockup screens used extensively for demo meetings.

Design and update templates for electronic forms and OCR functionality.

Involved in creating 837(I, D, P), 835, 277-U, 270/271, 276/277, 278, 820 and 834 transactions processing flow.

Worked on ICD 9 to ICD 10 conversion and HIPAA 4010 to HIPAA5010 conversion.

I was involved in creating ANSI X12 format, following HIPAA and HL7 regulations to insure customer privacy insured under the policy.

Working in analyzing and exchange ideas on how front-end functional requirements will align with HL7 interface requirements

Updated and mentored end users throughout the Development Life Cycle with bi weekly presentations and webinar.

Change and Traceability Matrix was maintained throughout the project to keep track of changing user requirements and alterations made by the team.

End user requirements and changes were monitored and communicated to various stakeholders and project members.

Environment: MS Project, SQL, Agile Scrum, Caliber RM, Microsoft Visio, Windows 2000/XP, Mercury Test-Director, MS Visio, Business Objects, HTML



Fifth Third Bank, Cincinnati, OH 			   	                                                           Mar 2010 – Feb 2011 

Sr. Business Analyst

Currently, to assess the financial Needs of a Customer, the Bank Employee needs to use FNA. To open a credit card account after assessing the financial needs, the user must launch ALPS. In order to continue the application process with in the same look and feel environment as FNA, Bankcard ALPS is being replaced. The objective of Bankcard ALPS Replacement project is to eliminate the need for users to assess needs first in one system and then open the credit card account in another. Eliminate the impression of multiple unrelated systems for opening Bankcard accounts. 

Responsibilities:

Developed a new Credit Card application which was all automated and replacing existing system

Obtaining a detailed knowledge of the business process being followed in the project environment.

Extracting the business requirements from the end users keeping in mind their need for the application, documenting high level and detail requirements.

Involved understanding the current business process, defining scope of the project along with position statement. Conducted a budget planning of the project through walkthroughs and meetings involving various leads from Development, QA and Technical Support teams.

Meeting with users and stakeholders to understand the problem domain, gathering customer requirements through surveys, interviews (group and one-on-one) along with JAD sessions.

Coordinated content management and data management for the project using Sharepoint. 

Analyze business requirements and segregated them into Use Cases and activity diagrams using Rational Requirement Composer.

Preparing Business process flow diagram that cover "How" business processes are accomplished.

Used QuickBooks to extract financial information for the company in helping analyze the business processes.

Created wireframes and web page mockup, GUI design used extensively for presenting to users. 

Technical writing involved creating different documents like test plan, helping create project plan, online help manual for end users.

Analyzing Business Requirements to produce System Requirements for the technical team using Rational Requirement Composer.

Testing the final application for Usability testing to verify whether all the User Requirements were catered to by the application.

Bugs, which would enhance the usability of the application, were logged using Rational Clear Quest

Interacting with the developers on resolving the reported bugs and various technical issues.

Involved in preparing a simple and detailed User manual for the application, for an intended novice user.

Environment:  Windows XP, Rational Requirement Composer, Rational Team Concert, Rational Clear Quest, Oracle, MS Office Suite, SharePoint 2010, Intuit QuickBooks 2008, Java/J2EE, Business Objects, Crystal Reports 2008, SQL, Sybase, DB2,

 

Kohl’s corporate, Milwaukee, WI				       	                                    Sep 2008 – Mar 2010        

Sr. Business Analyst

Kohl's Corporation is an American department store chain headquartered in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin, a suburb of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The company currently operates 1,067 stores in 49 states. The scope of the project is to first convert the pre-existing Lotus Notes and Shared mailboxes to Google and secondly to migrate to Windows 7 operating system in all different departments of Kohl’s changing from Windows XP. This project involved enhancing Kohl’s ecommerce site Kohls.com with new features

Phase 1: Conversion of Lotus Notes and Shared mailboxes to Google.

Responsibilities

Gathered and documented requirements from a diverse user community using Rational Requirement Composer.

Collected system information in order to analyze and evaluate pre-existing system as well as the proposed solution.

Successfully conducted JAD Sessions with SME’s and Business Users to gather requirements.

Accurately identified the various groups and created pivot tables for further classification and thus, created a better understanding of the groups.

Delivered high-level functional designs for projects and enhancements and fulfilled client requirements

Translated requirements to functional design documents for complex systems/processes.

Interacted with application developers and communicated user needs and requirements.

Developed test plans, reviewed test cases, reviewed test scripts and wrote user documentation.

Performed Validation to map data from lotus notes.

Operated as a senior member within a larger team.



Phase 2: Windows 7 upgrade

Responsibilities

Identified & coordinated all client application groups supporting client business apps

Conduct technical research on system upgrades to determine feasibility, cost, time required, and compatibility with current system

Worked with application owner to identify detailed business and technical requirements related to the business application.

Obtaining app group plans for app testing for Windows 7 readiness

Track and report app testing status, status of remediation

Report status of client business app readiness for Windows 7.

Supporting business app groups in resolving Windows 7 related issues.

Used MS Project to manage schedules, deadlines and resources and to collaborate on the project

Extensively performed UAT.

Environment: Lotus Notes, Google, MS Visio, MS Excel, MS Project, RUP methodology, Microsoft Office Suite 2007, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows 7, MS SharePoint 2007







Bronson Healthcare Group, Kalamazoo, MI                                                                                                 Apr 2007 – Sep 2008

Business Analyst

As a Business Analyst Worked on the Claims processing system within the company for scanning and capturing of data including working on UB-92 claims forms. Involved in using the technology to recognize, validate, and store claims and their attachments using HIPAA compliance interface.

	Responsibilities:

Conducted User Interviews to determine the cause of the data.

Studied business requirements and conducted User Interviews to identify and document the data discrepancies and their sources as related to Government Contract Compliance (GCC), Government Disclosures, Government Pricing, Customers, Products, Product pricing.

Worked following HIPAA regulatory requirements in creating electronic transmission of specific healthcare transaction including eligibility, claim status, claims and remittance. 

Prepared Test Plans for each release, written Test Cases and executed them as part of Functional Testing. Prepared Test Reports and Deliverables and submitted for version releases.

Throughout the project, was involved in giving clarifications on domain and product functionality for the team.

Regular interaction with the core developers helped us in fixing the defects in less time.

Created automated Load test scripts using Load Runner.

Used Test Director and Mercury Quality Center for updating the status of all the Test Cases & Test Scripts that are executed during testing process.

Performed Load and Stress Testing using Load Runner.

Performed regression testing using Winrunner

Automated confidence tests that run on new builds on regular basis.

Upgraded the existing Test Scripts and created new scripts for client application to be able to work for new versions and patches, which improved product quality.

Evaluated testing results for each potential release build using Test Director, Quality Center and Bugzilla reports, listing summarized bug information in priority sequence, recommended viability of release for production.

Involve in preparing Trace Matrix to design test cases

Preparing weekly action report & QA feed back to QA team & Manager.

Environment: Test Pro 8.2, Mercury Quality Center 9.0, Load Runner 8.2, Winrunner, Bugzilla, Oracle, SQL Server, VB.net, MS Excel, Word, Visio, power point, MS-Project, informatica, ETL.



ABN AMRO, Chicago, IL                            		                                                                           Mar 2005 – Mar 2007

Business Analyst

Prime function of project was to automate the Mortgage Loan Origination Process beginning with the customer initiation to title transfer. The system performs all the business functions of the loan process such as set-up Account Information, New Loan set-up, Escrow Analysis, the Appraisal, Credit, income and Title functionalities.

Responsibilities:

Gathered, analyzed and documented requirements from the SME’s of the processing, appraisal, credit and closing departments to create supporting documents like Use Cases, Functional Specifications, UML Diagrams and Test Cases.

Analysis of external factors and the third party data sources such as regulatory agencies & credit bureaus, and document any constraints.

Analyzed and researched on operational procedures and recommended changes for improvement – with an emphasis on automation and efficiency.

Conducted benchmarking activities to identify best practices.

Used SQL, Toad, Data Warehousing and Data Cleansing for the arrangement of customer data.

Used Rational Clear Quest as the Change control tool.

Performed User Acceptance Testing (UAT) 

Designed the business requirement collection approach, based on the project scope, with in the framework of RUP Methodology.

Developed business process models to document existing and future business processes and requirements, using Rational Rose and Rational Requisite Pro.

Performed extensive requirement analysis including data analysis and gap analysis.

Designed and implemented basic SQL queries for QA testing and report / data validation.

Played a key role in the planning, testing, and implementation of system enhancements and conversions.

Functioned as the primary liaison between the business line, operations, and the technical team throughout the project cycle.

AT), tracked and managed defects via Quality Center and ensured full signoff from users following the successful completion of the UAT.

Environment: MS Visio, MS Office, RUP, Rational Clear Quest 7.0, .Net, Toad, MS SQL Server, MS Access, MS SharePoint Server, QuickBooks 2003 MS Visual Studio, XML.\n
Mikel Bremer

709 Lance Way

Mt. Juliet, TN. 37122

(419) 366-1402

bremer.kelly@yahoo.com





Objective	To obtain a position of increasing responsibility in the realm of project cost controls.



Experience 



11/11 – 08/12	Cost Control Specialist

		MWH Constructor’s Inc., Tallahassee, Florida

Cost control for the Piedmont Waste Water Treatment Plant (WWTP). This project consists of construction management for seven major subcontractors and twenty-five major vendors to facilitate the construction of a new WWTP in Piedmont, SC. Direct roles and responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Review Subcontractor and Vendor invoices for discrepancies and accuracy per the contract requirements

Process Subcontractor and Vendor invoices for payment using Prolog and E1

Track retainage on Subcontractor payments

Create, distribute, and track Subcontractor and Vendor Change Orders

Create and compile accounts receivable invoices to the Client

Review, track, and distribute Certified Payroll reports.

Support the project management team to ensure proper cash flow and reduce risk associated with cost controls.



01/10 – 08/12	Document Control Specialist

		MWH Constructors, Inc., Tallahassee, Florida

Document control lead for the Thomas P. Smith Water Reclamation Facility (WRF). This project consists of construction management for ten major subcontractors and roughly sixty equipment vendors to facilitate the construction of the upgraded facilities.

Direct roles and responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Ensure proper recordkeeping on various work packages. 

Monitor internal and external document distribution practices to assure proper, timely delivery. 

File system revisions to streamline document control protocol and eliminate redundancies.

Log project documents in internal database (Prolog/Encompass) and hard copy filing.

Internal auditing on project files.

Maintain and distribute project documents to Owner representatives, project management team, subcontractors, vendors, and engineering staff.

	Maintain professional consistency across projects guaranteeing a uniform deliverable to the Client.

Support and coordinate with other MWH project technical teams to meet the objectives of the contract and client’s business requirements

Facilitate efforts of local and remote staff by researching and providing required references, documents, or standard operating procedures

Coordination of closeout documentation for turnover to the Design Engineer and the Owner

Develop, implement, update, maintain and review compliance of project controls standards and procedures, and initiate corrective measures as necessary.



04/07 – 01/10	Program Document Control Administrator

MWH Americas, Inc., Cape Coral, Florida

Document control deputy for the Facilities Expansion Program (FEP) and Utilities Extension Program (UEP). Program wide, this constitutes being a team member for roughly fifty unique projects of varying scope. Direct roles and responsibilities include but are not limited to:

Ensure proper recordkeeping on an intra-company basis (MWH Americas for Design and MWH Constructors for Construction Management) on roughly twelve major projects. This involves cross-referencing between multiple electronic platforms. 

File system revisions to streamline document control protocol and eliminate redundancies

Maintain and distribute project documents to Owner representatives, project management, and engineering staff 

Assisting project managers on task status and tracking turnaround times for submittals and requests for information (RFIs)

	Maintain professional consistency across projects guaranteeing a uniform deliverable to the Client

Log pertinent files in computer database system (ProjectWise) and hardcopy archiving

Daily interaction with virtually every team member, from program managers to design engineers located across the country

Facilitate efforts of local and remote staff by researching and providing required references, documents, or standard operating procedures



Education	Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, August 2011

	Colorado Technical University, Overall GPA 3.9   

Graduated with highest honors

Pertinent coursework included:



	Project Scheduling &

Cost

	Financial Management

Principles

	Managerial Accounting

	Project Risk Management

	HR Project Management

	Contracts & Procurement

	Project Quality Assurance





Technical	Proficient in Citrix Prolog, Encompass Web Client, and Autodesk Buzzsaw project document software

Skills		Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)

Proficient in Adobe software – creating, modifying, and bookmarking PDF files

Proficient in numerous Xerox Document Control Center units, and the printing, collating, copying, scanning, fax, and email capabilities therein



Honors and	Repeat member of Colorado Technical University’s (CTU’s) Chancellor's List Miscellaneous 	Certificates in Management, Project Planning, and Business Concepts

Strong work ethic, integrity, teamwork, and interpersonal skills

Flexible and organized, able to multi-task and contribute to the project either alone or as part of a group

Dependable, efficient, thorough, and goal-oriented

	Page 2 of 2	Bremer, Mikel – Resume\n
Tewodros E. Mengistu

6107 Perry St, Hyattsville MD 20785| 240-478-5891 | tewodros@umd.edu



OBJECTIVE

To obtain a summer internship utilizing the engineering skills learned in the electrical & computer engineering program. 



EDUCATION

University of Maryland, College Park, MD        				Expected May 2018

B.S. Electrical Engineering          						GPA 2.92                                                                            

Minor Computer Engineering 



WORK EXPERIENCE

Adele H. Stamp Student Union 	                             			Aug 2014 – Present 

 IT Technician Manager							College Park, MD

Manage a staff of IT technicians to perform daily task such as help desk calls and event setups. 

Administer, troubleshoot and resolve all computers laptop, network, mobile, and telephone issues in the Adele H. Stamp Student Union building.

Provide technical support to events that take place in the Stamp, including creative technical support to campus community who want to incorporate multimedia elements as part of their event.



PROJECT EXPERIENCE

Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV)  					Feb 2016 – May 2016

Robotics at Maryland                                                                      		 	College Park, MD                              

Team member/ Embedded programming subgroup

Work along with 40 team members to compete in AUVSI and ONR’s RoboSub Competition, which requires AUV to complete a variety of obstacles in order to score points.

Program microcontrollers and sensors in order to detect vehicle movements and position.  



Autonomous Hovercraft Project                                     			Feb 2014 – May 2014

Engineering Design 								College Park, MD

Team member/ Controls subgroup 

Cooperated with a team of 11 in the construction of a hovercraft to efficiently maneuver around obstacles and place a ball into a designated box.

Designed payload system with CAD software in order to drop ball into specified box.

Programmed hovercraft navigations. Worked with microcontrollers and various sensors in order to guide hovercraft across course and complete objectives. 

Presented 20 page design report to a discussion board of six distinguished professors in engineering.



PROFESSIONAL ACTIVITIES/ AFFILIATIONS

Academic Achievement Program (AAP)	,					Aug-2014 – Present

Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) 				Jan 2016 – Present

National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE)      					Feb 2014 – Present 



SKILLS

Arduino		C Programming		PuTTY				Autodesk Inventor

MATLAB		Pspice			Circuit Lab 			Creo Parametric

SolidWorks		Ubuntu			Microsoft Office		Verilog\n
Narjit Singh

11406 Cherry Hill Rd. Unit 101, Beltsville, MD 20705
narjittsingh@gmail.com  | (301) 326-9625 |  https://github.com/snarjit 



EDUCATION

University of Maryland, College Park, MD					Anticipated Graduation Date: May 2018       

Bachelor of Science: Computer Science  

GPA: 3.062   					 

SKILLS

Languages:		Proficient: Java, HTML, CSS, Android, C Prior Experience:  Ruby, Assembly x86, Ocaml

Development Tools:	Eclipse, Android Studio, Sublime, Xcode, Photoshop, JUnit, Adobe InDesign, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, Microsoft office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint

Operating Systems: 	Windows XP/7/8,10, MAC OS X, Linux

Courses: 		CMSC 131,132 (Java Programming), CMSC 216 (C Programming), CMSC 250 (Discrete Math)

CMSC 330 (Organization of Programming Languages), CMSC 351(Algorithms), CMSC 411



EXPERIENCE

Talklocal, College Park, Maryland							 	June - August 2016

Software Developer Intern 								 

Implemented an Android application that contained various religions and provided user with many features related to their religion.

Followed Waterfall Software Development process to design and implement the whole application from scratch. 

The application is on the Google Play Store: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=talklocal.buttontest&hl=en

Debugged, prepared various build versions and released them on Google App Store

Supervised other interns on how to implement various features of the application



PERSONAL PROJECTS

LearnTabla 

Developed Android application that teaches users how to play Tabla (Indian drums) online.

Integrated Audio and Video learning segments (instructions are made by me)

Programmed and designed every single part of the app

Technologies used: Android studio and Photoshop  

Clone/Download link: https://github.com/snarjit/LearnTabla2.git

LocalLink

Implementing a mobile app that allow advertisers to hire an expert based on needs of services

Created a mockup for the app via GoMockingbird 

Clone/Download: https://github.com/snarjit/LocalLink.git 

https://gomockingbird.com/mockingbird/#cg4zzeo/mBiAW



ACADEMIC PROJECTS

Online Test (Java)

Created an examination system that allowed users to add three possible kinds of questions: true and false, multiple choice and fill-in-the-blanks questions

Graded submitted exams and generated statistical information

											Designed classes using the 5 of the 7 components of software life cycle: Problem Specification, Program Design, Algorithms and Data Structures, Coding and Debugging, and Testing and Verification

											

WordNet (Ruby)

Parsed large text files, used regular expressions to extract essential information and stored them into hashes 

Constructed a WordNet graph that grouped words into sets of synonyms called synsets and described semantic relationships between them.

Generated breadth first search graph to find the length of the nodes, ancestors and find the common root of the words. 

											

ACTIVITIES

The National Society of Leadership and Success (Fall 2016 - Current)

Virtual Realty Club - How to create games using C# and Unity (Spring 2015-Current)

Cyber Security Club (Spring 2015-Current)

Mobile App Developer Club (Spring 2015 - Current)\n
RAJKUMAR VUKKALKAR

				



Experience Summary



A highly-accomplished, deeply-driven, Information Security Architect with a successful 17 year track record in Information Security and Application Development. Proven ability to tackle and succeed in all endeavors from business development to customized software development and implementation. Have repeatedly lead teams in successfully deploying complex technical solutions. Actively involved with Identity and Access Management since the industry’s inception. Successfully implemented six complex SSO Projects.



	Core Competencies 

Understanding of Federal Guidelines (HSPD-12, PIVi, 800-63, OMB11-11, FICAM, NSTIC, NIST)

Core experience, working as Oracle Technical expert designing and implementing Oracle E-Business Suite R12/11i, Oracle Identity Manager, Fusion Middleware 11g including WebLogic, WebCenter, SOA Suite, ECM/UCM, Oracle Identity Management (OID, OVD, SSO, OAM, OIM, OIF)

Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX), the Health Insurance Portability and Affordability Act (HIPAA), Homeland Security Presidential Directive-12 (HSPD-12) and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLB)



Work Experience



Client: USPTO with ORACLE Advanced Customer Support Services	           December 2014 - Present 

Security Consultant, Identity Management Architect, SME

Environment: Oracle Access Manager, Oracle Identity Manager,  Oracle Adaptive Access Manager, Oracle 11g, Oracle 10gAS, Fusion Middleware, Oracle Identity Federation, WebLogic, PeopleSoft, Sun Solaris 10,  Oracle Enterprise Manager 12

Architected USPTO's Next Generation (NG) Complex Identity and Access Management (IAM) solution in support of the Single Sign-On (SSO)/Role-Based Access Control(RBAC) project. Used Oracle Identity and Access Management Products (OAM, OIM, OUD, OVD, OID, OIF, etc).

SSO solution  have the capability to interoperate with multi-level systems running on different platforms and versions using standard protocols, frameworks, and communication tools (e.g., HTTP/HTTPS, SSL, Kerberos, TLS, LDAP, LDAPS).

The system  interfaced with the USPTO directory data repository such as AD and AD-LDS

Responsible for implementing Oracle Identity Access Manager comprehensive solution

Oracle Identity access Management, web tier and webgate setup and configurations.

Oracle Unified Directory setup and configurations.

Maintain full Identity Management systems

Enabling Single Sign on SSO on all browsers across all target applications.

First time reconciliation from HRMS to OIM with the ability to apply linking reconciliation events for Ad-hoc\Manual and Orphans accounts linking.



Client: State of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT				      	      April 2014 – December 2014



Security Consultant



Environment: Oracle Access Manager, Oracle Identity Manager,  Oracle Adaptive Access Manager, Oracle 11g, Oracle 10gAS, Fusion Middleware, Oracle Identity Federation, WebLogic, Sun Solaris 10,  Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c

Assisted Information Security Risk and Governance as needed in identifying solution security risks and providing architectural approaches for resolution

Designed, architected and built from scratch an Identity and Access Management solution including configurable workflows, automated provisioning of entitlements, reporting, robust security and integration with utah.gov's business critical systems and resources

For State of Utah responsible for the delivery of the Access Management (OAM/OAAM), Identity Management and Attestation components (OIM/OIA) and directory components (OUD/OVD) of and Oracle I&AM Solution.

Implemented latest Oracle IDM 11gR2 suite (OAM, OIM), with Webgate 11gR2, BI Publisher, OUD 11gR2.

Integrated OAM 11gR2 with J2EE application, ADF application and Webcenter.

Implementation/Installation of OAM, OAAM, OIM, SOA, OUD and BI Publisher in HA along with 2 Node RAC (11gR2)

Installation and configuration of Web Gate, Configuration of Oracle Access Manager to communicate with Web Gate



Client: MasterCard International, St Louis, MO		                                 August 2012 – May 2014

System Security Analyst



Environment: Oracle Access Manager, Oracle e-Business suit 11i and Rel 12, Oracle 11g, Oracle 10gAS, Fusion Middleware, Oracle Identity Federation, WebLogic, Sun Solaris 10, Linux, SiteMinder, PingFedrate, Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c

Architected and Implemented Enterprise Single Sign-On solution. The solution is a combination of Oracle Access Manager, Siteminder, Enterprise Directory, Ping Federate, Oracle Internet Directory, Oracle Single Single Sign ON and the Oracle Identity Federation server.

Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Configuration for enabling security on SSO, WebCache and HTTPS.

Proactively identify issues and make sure services are meeting SLA’s.

Provide technical expertise in application and industry standards. 

Identify tools and techniques within the Oracle Application in designing the solutions. 

Addressed operational problems, concerns, and questions posed by users

Ensured project objectives are met and benefits are delivered 

Creating high-level technical design documents, generating test scripts, performing quality assurance tests (prior to user testing), and producing training materials.

Oracle Fusion Middleware BPEL SOA Java

Expertise in Business Process Integration, Service Orchestration, and Routing using Oracle SOA Suite Fusion Products (BPEL, ESB, Web Services,).

Successfully completed numerous SOA Projects using SOA Framework with Oracle Fusion Middleware Components like BPEL / ESB / OWSM and Web services Manager.



ADERAS, Inc.            							         August 2005 - March 2008

Client: Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, COMPUTER SCIENCES CP, Washington DC



Sr. Security Consultant



Environment: Oracle e-business suit 11i, CRM Rel 12, Oracle 10g, Oracle 10gAS, Fusion Middleware, BPEL,  Sun Solaris 8, 10, HITACHI SAN 9980, HITACHI USP-VM, Veritas Netbackup, Veritas Volume Manager

Designed and led implementing conversion of Oracle E-Business Suite from external application to partner application for Single Sign-on and Oracle Internet Directory. Designed integration of SSO/OID with Active Directory and enable Kerberos authentication for applications Integrated Oracle Applications 11i with OID/SSO.

Was a key architect for Oracle Internet Directory and Single Sign-On that provide enterprise-wise services for PBGC’s “Unified Desktop”. Performed technical design, multiple team co-ordination and co-operation, and implementation in multiple OS platforms and various environments using up-to-date technologies. These technologies include Kerberos authentication (Windows Native Authentication), Security Socket Layer, Directory Integration and Synchronization, clustering, Java Authentication and Authorization Service and Single Sign-On etc. The implementation of OID and SSO not only provide an enterprise-wise Single Sign-On serves for the current PBGC Unified Desktop project (J2EE applications, Portal, and E-Business Suite), but also lay the foundation for future integration of the entire PBGC multi-platforms applications with a centralized identity management. Coordinating with Developers, DBA's and Testers in various phases of SDLC at PBGC.

Played a key role on the Project Management team to collect and disseminate day-to-day status and Project Plan Management, to organize and deliver executive management reports to stakeholders.

Managed staffs of multiple teams to coordinate work effort and deliver milestones throughout the lifecycle of the project.

Conducted sessions to collaborate Cutover Plans and implementation of key custom functionality.

Delivered Projects on time, within Budgets Constraints.  Project included Fixed Bid Projects, Time and Material and Staff Augmentation.

Worked seamlessly with third-party consulting teams to provide delivery of all projects.

Managed all efforts during project in a multi location environment, including remote resources and onsite client meeting and delivery.

Plan and implement timely upgrade/patches to the Oracle Applications system and RDBMS. 

Actively managed the project plan, issues and risks. Communicated with management.

Performs impact analysis of any changes made to the system.

Troubleshoots problems regarding the databases, applications and development tools. 

Analyzes and studies complex application/database requirements to proactively design, plan, and deploy needed capabilities.





Ekagara Software, RN Solutions           					         February 2007 – May 2009

Client: National Institutes of Health, Rockville, MD



Consultant



Environment: 10g Release 2, EBS, 9i Rel2, RAC, Oracle Data Guard, BPEL,OID,SSO, Oracle Content Management Server, Solaris, Linux. 

Responsible for all development and implementation of OIM, OAM, OVD, OID.

Integrated all systems with Active Directory, SunONE LDAP, IIS and Apache web servers Specifications for reports/alerts/customizations (including working with users on requirements)

Worked in conjunction with Business Users, Project Management Office to resolve all issues prior to Go Live as well as after. 

Provide daily production support for EBS after Go-Live

Patch analysis, planning and application to all environments per client request.

Provide weekly clones of production for development and test instances.  Created post clone procedures that include modifying sensitive production data.   

Provided a health check of production EBS to address many instability and performance issues and documented findings and implement recommendations.  

Provided strategic direction for instance creations and recommendations for data center disaster recovery.   This included strategic plans for system growth and future capacity requirements

Oracle E-Business Suite System Administration

Expertise in Business Process Integration, Service Orchestration, and Routing using Oracle SOA Suite Fusion Products (BPEL, ESB, Web Services,).

Successfully completed numerous SOA Projects using SOA Framework with Oracle Fusion Middleware Components like BPEL / ESB / OWSM and Web services Manager.

Patching security vulnerabilities as and when released by Oracle Support.

Maintain up-to-date documentation for TEST/DEV/PROD Oracle database configurations, installations and management processes

DBA Resource for technical design and code review processes. Work with developers and change management team to ensure smooth life cycle progress from development through testing and production implementation.

Installation and configuration of 9iAS and 10gAS Portal and Single Signon, Apache and J2EE Containers (OC4J).

Oracle Technical Architect involved in Oracle Portal, OID Synchronization.

Integrated Production and Coop OID Servers. Troubleshooting OID Synchronization issues.



SOFTEC            							     September 2005 – November 2006

Client: United States House of Representatives, Washington DC



Consultant



Environment:  9i, Oracle E-Business Suit 11i, Oracle Data Guard, Oracle Applications 11.0.x, 9iAS, Solaris, HP UNIX, Oracle OCI, Perl, EMC SAN

Architected and Successfully Upgraded Oracle Applications from unsupported version (11.0.3/8.0.4/Solaris 2.6 to 11.5.10/8.0.6.3/9.2.0.4/Solaris 9.) to Supported version in a complex environment.

Rescue mode Project Management for projects in trouble

Responsible for security hardening of the application infrastructure, creation of security Certification and Accreditation (C&A) documentation and liaison with agency security teams for all matters related to the security of the enterprise applications and related infrastructure. 

Collaborator by working with cross-functional teams and knowledge sharer by learning, sharing and mentoring.

Ensuring the appropriate metrics, resource planning and program management methodologies are applied to drive success of the Project.

Overseeing all project execution activities such as budgeting, planning, costing, delivery, and post delivery review.

Tracking team member performance against schedule and targets, providing feedback, resolving issues, and coordinating changes to enhance project performance.



IBM Global Services/Spectrum            				       September 2003 – September 2005

Client: U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS).



Oracle Apps D.B.A. Team Lead



Environment: 9i, RAC, Data Guard, Oracle e-business suit 11.5.10, 9iAS, AIX, VERITAS, Rational Clear Quest/Clear Case, BMC, Precise Insight.

HIGLLAS Project- largest Federal Oracle implementation to date.

Currently the primary/lead Oracle 11i Applications DBA for HIGLAS. 11.5.9 System in a multi-node AIX Unix.

Capacity Analysis of database tier and middle tier servers.

Performed: High availability, cloning, patching, 24/7, clusters, standby database, monitor, tune, size, backup, recover, analyze, defrag, migrate and security.

Maintained high availability of databases for 24/7 global operation using Oracle RAC and Data Guard/Standby databases. Create and manage Standby databases at remote data center as Disaster Recovery and fail-over method. Emergency resolution during crisis situations.

Patching security vulnerabilities as and when released by Oracle Support.

Configuring and trouble shooting Concurrent Managers.

Designed and developed the messaging middleware used to process near real time event messages from various vendor turnkey systems via an API.

Character set conversion US7ASCII to WE8ISO8859P1.

Installation of 10g Infrastructure along with 10g Application Server and integrating it with Oracle 11i

Scheduling concurrent processes to perform routine housekeeping activities and also for improving Application performance (Gather Statistics etc.,)

Performed rotated 24x7 on-call support of Oracle E-Business applications and non-eBusiness databases. Recognized multiple times by the company for significant contributions to the organization.





McGraw-Hill Education            				       	        February 2003 – September 2003



Oracle Apps D.B.A. Team Lead



Environment: Oracle 8i, 9i, Oracle Data warehouse, Oracle E-Business Suit 11.i, 9iAS, Sun Solaris, E15K, EMC storage, ETL, Windows 2000, PVCS.

Worked as a core Oracle 11i applications DBA at Mc Graw-Hill Education, a large migration project for a worldwide integration. 

Performed all duties related to installation, upgrade, configuration of database and development tools, database design, modeling, client/server connectivity, space management, capacity planning, patching, cloning, extensive performance tuning, backups.

Designing building and running import/export scripts, loading data with sqlldr scripts, run/debug migration code, modification and support of migration PL/SQL scripts, etc.

Troubleshooting Portal and Oracle Applications integration issues relating to Oracle Jserv, Oracle PDK.

Administration of Oracle 9i AS, Portal, Workflow.

Query optimization, performance tuning using STATSPACK.

Managing instances. Monitoring the database performance and tuning SGA, initialization parameters.

Tuning SQL & PL/SQL scripts, and writing triggers, cursors, procedures, functions and packages.

Work with developers and change management team to ensure smooth life cycle progress from development through testing and production implementation.

Integrated Order Management with Web-Methods.

Mentoring junior Application DBAs.  Transferring knowledge to the clients

Oracle TAR submission and resolution.

Assisted ETL development process into EDW from 11i source environment.

Upgraded the Java Development Kit (JDK) from 1.2 to 1.3.



Irandall, Inc.            				       	                                        May 2001 – January 2003



Oracle Apps D.B.A.



		Supported 24x7 18 ERP Customers World Wide.

		Applications implementation and upgrade projects (10.7, 11.x to 11i).

		Cloning instances.

		Installation, Upgrade, Configuration, Backup and Recovery, Database tuning, Query optimization.

	Performance tuning/Reorganization for Oracle instances.

	Tuned Custom SQL using Hints, Explain Plan, TKPROF.

	Fine tune servers (I/O bottlenecks, SGA, Pinning objects, Sort space, literal sql, Redo logs).

	Oracle Applications Server (OAS 3.x/9iAS) / WebDB administration. 

	Oracle Workflow administration, support and purging.

	Automation of applications with Shell scripts, BMC, Patrol and Cron jobs.

	Configuring and trouble shooting Apache server.

	Root cause analysis of difficult problems, their solutions and troubleshooting expertise for all tiers (client, middle-tier, database)

	Trouble shooting with Self Service Applications, i-Procurement, i-Supplier and i-support.

	Vertex (Quantum) and AVP Tax (Tax ware) Software integration in Payroll and Receivables.



Harmonic Inc. (and its predecessors DiviCom, C-CUBE)                                     September 1999 – May 2001



Oracle Apps D.B.A.



	Oracle 8i, Oracle application versions 11.0.3, 11.i, Sun Solaris OS, Sun 5.X, E 250, 350, 450, 0racle 8.0.5, Oracle Applications (11.0.3), Web Application Sever3.0, 3.02

	Technical architecture definition, Support the implementation team.

	Instance Management.

	Responsible for database configuration.

	Performing patch application and doing database instance refresh.

	Database tuning.

	Backup and recovery. Both hot and cold backups. Point in time recovery operations.

	Security Administration.

	Analyzed and tuned I/O bottlenecks by spreading over disks (use of RAID), stripping, spreading indexes, separating redo logs and data files.

	Printer’s setup.

		Installation, refresh and administration of the Oracle databases for the oracle applications version 11.0.3

		Recommending hardware requirements and capacity planning.

		Planning and execution of database backup and recovery. Developed hot and cold backup scripts for different production databases.

		Implementation of Oracle Business Intelligence System and maintenance.

		Applying Oracle application patches, maintaining log and recompiling objects.

		Monitoring the database performance and tuning SGA, initialization parameters.





Genex Services, Inc.                                                                                       September 1998 – September 2009



Oracle Apps D.B.A.



	Environnent: HP-UX 10.20, HP K57, 0racle 8.0.3, Oracle Applications (Financial 0.7). NCA. Project Description: The project involves conversion from the legacy database on VAX/VMS to Oracle Database. 

	Responsibilities include creation of Database, its storage structures and objects.

	Implementation of Oracle apps custom triggers, alerts, reports, forms.

	Planning and execution of database backup and recovery. 	

	Converted and interfaced from different legacy systems.

	Designed and developed an interface program to import transactions from external system. 

	Performing system administration, Noetix Views administration.











Skills

Advance Training Program in UNIX and C. April – June 95.

	Computer Maintenance Corporation (INDIA), Hyderabad, India.

Oracle7 DBA Training. Dec 94.

	Oracle Corp., Educational Division, Madras, India.

Oracle 8, 8i, 9i ,10g and 11g Database Administration. 



Education



Bachelor of Technology. May 1992

Kakatiya Institute of Technology & Science, Warangal, India.







Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Rajkumar Vukkalkar	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 8 of 8\n
Rodrigo Escamilla, PMP, ITIL v3



Core Competencies:



Oracle Fusion Middleware 11g R2

SOA Suite

Identity Management

Oracle Portal

Content Management Systems (CMS)

Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)

Project Management

Agile Software Development

Middleware Architecture

Systems Integration

Troubleshooting and Performance Tuning

Infrastructure Design and Administration (System and Database)

Customer Management

Alternatives Analysis





Work Experience:

Paradyme Management 									2014 – Present

	Senior Consultant

	Client: US Census Bureau

Manage the development of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) solutions based on Oracle SOA Suite

Improve software development process through Agile practices implementation

Perform requirements analysis and translate into technical solution

Collaborate with middleware team to improve infrastructure security and availability

Dovel Technologies						     				       2014 - 2014

	Technical Lead

	Client: Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)

Implement (hands-on) Oracle Identity Manager, Oracle Access Manager, Oracle Virtual Directory and Oracle Internet Directory and integrate with Oracle WebCenter Portal, Oracle WebCenter Content and Oracle SOA Suite for the electronic Filing and Administrative Proceedings (eFAP) system

Oversee the eFAP system development based on Oracle Application Development Framework (ADF)

Oversee Oracle WebCenter Content Management implementation for the eFAP system

Oversee the eFAP system integration with external components like Antivirus and Legacy System (VB-Sybase)

Troubleshoot technical issues (hands-on) across the Oracle Fusion Middleware stack including WebLogic Server

Conduct weekly contractual technical meeting with customer PM and project sponsor

Pragmatics Inc.										       2011 – 2014

Program Manager

Client: Federal Deposit and Insurance Corporation (FDIC)

Manage the FDIC’s Enterprise SOA (eSOA) Program and a portfolio of mission critical services utilized by close and open bank applications comprised of:

Content and data access services

Transformation services

Security services

Foundation Services

Develop web services layer on Oracle Service Bus (OSB) for Enterprise Content Management System

Architect SOA solutions to reduce costs and delivery time of FDIC’s mission critical applications

Develop the eSOA Program Vision and Roadmap in alignment with the FDIC and IT Enterprise Architecture strategic objectives based on the SOA Maturity Model dimensions (Business, Organization, Methods, Application, Architecture, Information and Infrastructure).

Augment adoption of SOA among existing and new consumers, and upper management through the dissemination of SOA benefits, introduction of newer SOA technologies and services portfolio growth

Direct all phases of software development lifecycle from inception through completion

Improve software quality through iterative development (Agile) practices

Assess project risks and issues and develop resolutions to meet client-satisfaction goals

Manage schedules, requirements scope and maintains effective change control

Manage customer relationship with services consumers and upper management

Manage budget and assure accurate and timely reports to customer and upper management

Manage staff of project manager, software developers, testers and business analysts

Synfra LLC (owner)										       2008 – 2011        

Middleware Architect

	Client: Federal Deposit and Insurance Corporation (FDIC)

Build and maintain 4 environments (2 Integration, QA and Production) for the FDIC’s Application Modernization Environment (AEM) comprised of:

Oracle Portal

Oracle Identity Management

Oracle SOA Suite including OWSM

WebLogic

Oracle Application Server

Coordinate Network, Systems and Database activities to build and maintain the FDIC's fully distributed multi-tier SOA Architecture

Provide solutions to complex issues overarching diverse technologies including: Web, J2EE, Portal, Identity Management, Database, Content Management, Computer Networks and Systems

Apply management, communication, facilitation and technical skills to the completion of small and large scale projects like the implementation and maintenance of the enterprise wide SOA architecture and resolution of critical issues throughout the application lifecycle

Contribute to architecture definition for the FDIC's Application Enterprise Modernization implementation

Perot Systems Corporation 									     1998 - 2008

		Middleware Infrastructure Manager

	Client: Enterprise Rent-A-Car

Manage middleware support team for alamo.com, nationalcar.com and back-office applications. Oversee and mentor team

Support multiple High Availability Oracle Application Sever clusters to maintain 99.9% availability SLAs for alamo.com, nationalcar.com, Open Travel Alliance (B2B) sites and Check-out Kiosks application

Support diverse back-office Web applications infrastructures based on Oracle Application Server and Oracle Identity Management

Re-architect and upgrade the Oracle Application Server production and test environments from 9.0.4 to 10.1.3 version

Troubleshoot and implement advanced solutions to critical problems like: DOS type attack, memory leak and java threads

Improve application response time and high availability by enhancing Sever Load Balancing (F5) and Oracle WebCache implementation

Implement automated tier monitoring and alert notification for the alamo.com, nationalcar.com and Kiosk Application

Streamline deployment process for alamo.com and nationalcar.com through code deployment automation

Participate in the definition of strategies to harden the middleware infrastructure for alamo.com and nationalcar.com to prevent performance degradation caused by load increase

Implement web server monitoring, traffic filtering and routing (through rules) with Sever Load Balancing (F5)

	Client: Owens & Minor (Fortune 500)

Manage WebLogic, Fuego (BPMS) and SOA infrastructures for OMDirect, a C2B Web Order Entry and Processing Application

Upgrade WebLogic from version 6.1 to 7.0 for OMDirect. Conduct stress test to validate the performance impact

Implement Veritas i3 (Application Performance Management) solution for OMDirect after evaluating multiple vendors through on-site POC, which included stringent load testing

Support and upgrade Cyclone Interchange (Electronic Data Interchange-Internet Integration - EDIINT) to new version and high availability infrastructure

Manage Manugistics (SCM) WebLogic infrastructure

Manage and integrate Netegrity (Identity Management) with Manugistics and in-house corporate university applications

Mentor team members on applied J2EE technology

	Client: ANC Rental Corporation (Fortune 100)

Manage mission critical Tuxedo (OLTP) middleware infrastructure for the Odyssey Online Reservations System (a 2,000+ concurrent users multinational application)

Build and manage a high availability UNIX cluster infrastructure for integrating Odyssey with Global Distribution Systems (GDS) like Amadeus, Galileo and Sabre

Oracle Corporation (Mexico)									       1997 – 1998        

Technical Consultant

	Clients: Serfin and Nacional Financiera (3rd and 4th largest banks in Mexico), Secretaria de Hacienda (Mexican IRS)

Improve performance of Fixed Assets and Mortgages database through reorganization and tuning

Elaborate technical services proposal to upgrade and migrate the Mexican Government Tax Collection System front-end to a new UNIX platform

System Software Associates Inc. (Mexico)							       1996 – 1997        

UNIX Technical Consultant

	Clients: Diverse manufacturing companies in Mexico and Latin America

Improve performance of BPCS (ERP Application) through Oracle, Informix and UNIX tuning

Administer Oracle, Informix and UNIX infrastructure for pre-sales environments.

Implement and manage e-mail service and internet access.

UNIX System Laboratories (Mexico)								       1994 – 1996        

Sr. Technical Support Engineer

	Clients: Banamex, Serfin, Inverlat, Banco Mexicano and Telefonos de Mexico (Telmex)

Provide Tuxedo TP Monitor technical support to operations and development. As subject matter expert and technical support lead performed Tuxedo installations, pre-sales demos, prototyping, integration, troubleshooting, administration (automation, tuning and upgrades) and support training throughout pre and post sales life cycles.

Administer Oracle, Informix and Sybase databases and HP-UX and SCO UNIX servers to support pre-sales environments. 

	

Education:

Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems

Universidad Iberoamericana A.C.

Honors Thesis: Development of an Interconnectivity Prototype for Banking Applications

Certifications:

																PMI Project Management Professional (PMP) Certified

																ITIL v3 Foundation Certified

Page 1 of 4



Rodrigo Escamilla	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 4 of 4\n
Reniece A. Foucher-Perry

Page 2 • Career Progression (Cont.)



Reniece A. Foucher-Perry

Tel. 240-462-4558 – r.foucherperry@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/rfoucherperry



Configuration Management - Project Management - Agile Leadership - Certified ScrumMaster®

Agile Methodologies

SDLC Life Cycle

ITIL Best Practices

Configuration Operations

Continuous Integration

Testing Methodologies

Technical Troubleshooting

Interactive Solutions

Technical Documentation

Analytical and highly skilled professional with over 15 years of experience working to enhance cross-functional operations through project life cycles. 

Focused on 100% client satisfaction; skilled in aligning clients’ needs with proactive release, change and configuration management.

Collaborative member of PMO management team dedicated to identifying and analyzing operational improvements utilizing quantitative methods. 

Ability to guide cross-functional teams to utilize Agile/Scrum practices and values to enhance client experiences. 

Support creation of innovative environment, guiding projects and providing recommendations and corrective actions to maintain progress.

CAREER ACCOMPLISHMENTS

		Achieved commendation letter from DHS Chief, 2016, for “outstanding team performance.”

		SAIC performance review accomplishment 2016, Exemplary Status (top 2% of company).

		Commended with SAIC 2010 Team Award for “Outstanding Performance on 2010 Census.”

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

	SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION (SAIC)	2000 – 2017 

Program Analyst Team Manager (2016 – 2017)

		Principal strategist and visionary effectively managing team of 20 professionals for the Configuration Management, Change Management, Release Management, Business Rules, and Technical Communication groups. 

		Supported complex life cycles, system approvals, change requests and daily operations utilizing Scrum/Agile and SDLC/Waterfall methods within the government contract with the U.S Department of Homeland Security (DHS).

		Launched Agile IT Project Scrum events including Backlog Grooming, Daily Scrum, Sprint Planning, and Retrospective.

		Improved timely deliverables and accuracy of data by providing monthly status and program risks to senior management.

		Optimized communications with government agencies by recommending enhancements and providing ITIL process improvements.



Senior Change and Configuration Management Analyst (2013 – 2016)

		Directly managed 6 member Change Management team providing accurate analysis and documentation of proposed changes to software/hardware policies and effects on systems. Collaborated with DHS’s Change Advisory Board (CAB) and the Infrastructure Change Control Board (ICCB) to ensure accuracy and the effective utilization of Agile and SDLC methodologies. 

		Team successfully processed over 3,700 production change requests per year, with varying complexity, impact and urgency, involving 250+ end users, approvers, and supporting technical staff.

		Monitored, coordinated and tracked the overall change management workflow processes applying ITIL Service approach for improvements; appropriately assigned work within the Change Management team.

		Approval member for go/no go for release gate reviews - Release Planning Reviews (RPR) and Release Readiness Reviews (RRR) providing status, recommendation of go/no go approvals.  

		Processed and verbally presented change requests for CAB and DHS ICCB approvals; analyzed requests for compliance to standards, policies, procedures and integration with components.      

		Created and implemented Change Management documentation and Standard Operating Procedures to maximize productivity.

		

Senior Configuration Management Analyst – Hardware/Software (2008 – 2012)

		Built inventory control procedures for hardware life cycle including mix of 1000 Egenera, Sun, Hewlett-Packard, and Dell servers equaling over $10M. Analyzed proposed design changes and evaluated all mechanisms needed to ensure full control of operations. Initiated concept to completion management of each hardware asset to maintain integrity of U.S. Census Bureau infrastructure. 

		Administrator for Serena PVCS Version Manager/TeamTrack (Micro Focus); managed Configuration Management Database (CMDB), maintained and tracked software baselines, scripts, deliverables, version control and documentation; generated and analyzed monthly Status Accounting Reports (SAR).

		Facilitated weekly Configuration Control Board (CCB) meetings for software/hardware changes; utilizing MS Access for meeting agenda/minutes and approvals. 

		Created and maintained MS Visio hardware diagrams, presented monthly inventory reports to the Census and SAIC Executive Management detailing configuration state of each asset. Conducted periodic and quarterly configuration audits, investigated and resolved discrepancies. Achieved 100% accuracy on yearly GAO audit.

		Planned and executed hardware and production software change requests and provided incident management reports within BMC Remedy.

		Lead requirements activities for Census Inventory Management System (IMS) performing requirements gathering, analysis, and tracking.

		Developed Configuration Management Plans, Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), policies, procedures and SAIC proposals. Mentored and trained junior staff and end users.

		

Configuration Management Analyst and Deputy Project Manager (2000 – 2008)

		Directly managed 14 contractors, developers, testers and customer service members supporting full system development life cycle (SDLC) project planning, requirements gathering, analysis, tracking, development, testing, and implementation. Contracts with EPA, SEC, FAA, DoED and USDA.

		Successfully re-engineered and launched development efforts for 8 releases for EPA’s Mission Oriented Systems Engineering Support (MOSES) POI application, on time and within budget. 

		Improved software and hardware configuration management by supporting Technical Review Boards and Security Review Boards as Configuration Management SME. 

		Streamlined processes for proposed implementations and changes obtained with CMMI Level 3 best practices, NIST, and FISMA objectives. Member of the SAIC ISO 9001:2004(E) and CMMI Level 3 certification teams.

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES 
MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Project, Outlook), BMC Remedy, ServiceNow, MS SharePoint, Serena PVCS Version Manager, SBM TeamTrack, Adobe/Adobe Connect, JIRA, Lotus Notes.

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS

DEVRY UNIVERSITY, Chicago, IL - Bachelor of Science, Business Operations


Certifications:  Certified ScrumMaster® (Scrum Alliance)\n
TITUS ANDRADE
717 Maryland Avenue, Syracuse, New York-13210 | (315) 751 4771| titusandrade@gmail.com
EDUCATION
M.S. in Information Management, Syracuse University, Syracuse, New York
(GPA: 4.0/4.0)
Relevant Coursework: Applied Data Science, Information System Analysis, Data Warehousing, Project Management

May 2017

B.E in Computer Engineering, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
(GPA: 3.6/4.0)
June 2011
Relevant Coursework: Data Mining and Data Warehousing, Software Engineering, Database Management, Analysis of Algorithm
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Analyst, Pratham Institute – Non Profit Organization, Mumbai, India
Nov 2014 - Jul 2015
• Analyzed, monitored data and reported progress to the project strategic team to ensure that the project stays within the finalized budget
• Designed dashboards in salesforce to analyze the revenue and expenditure trends to increase training center utilization capacity by 15%
• Prepared operational and statistical reports using excel pivot tables to assist the Program Director in effective decision making process
• Advocated change management in project development phase from traditional waterfall to agile model to increase the productivity by 10%
Business Analyst, Spectrum Offshore and Onshore Services Private Limited, Mumbai, India
Sep 2013 - Oct 2014
• Streamlined the processes using swim-lane and organized the work-flow practices to translate business specifications into deliverables
• Audited all the business processes of the organization to identify various potential risks and perform root cause analysis to mitigate them
• Created cost-benefit analyses to resolve numerous project issues including staffing shortages, scope creep and divergent business needs.
• Prepared the process flowcharts in excel for highlighting the problematic areas in the supply chain management lifecycle process
System Engineer, Infosys Limited, Pune, India
Oct 2011 - Aug 2013
• Collaborated with the CRM team in Finacle software product – to manage and customize the product according to the needs of the client
• Negotiated business specifications with banks to develop the project charter, design and java code in an agile & waterfall environment
• Created use cases, activity diagrams, user interface requirements and process flow diagrams to understand the functionality of systems
• Developed and executed SQL queries, stored procedures to support the onshore team to generate customized reports for clients
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Vice President, Nanhi Kali – Syracuse Chapter, Syracuse, New York
Apr 2016 - Present
• Delegated tasks to organize events for the university students to raise funds for the education of underprivileged girl children in India
Faculty Assistant, Professor Robert Campagna, Syracuse University, Syracuse, New York
May 2016 – Present
• Created forms to resolve staffing issues and assisted in training, scheduling, grading and distribution of projects among the students
Sports Secretary, F.C.R.I.T., University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Aug 2010 - Jul 2011
• Organized inter collegiate annual sports for colleges across Mumbai and ensured increased the participation of the event by 25%
Basketball Captain, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Aug 2008 - Jul 2011
• Captained the college basketball team that won the inter-collegiate Mumbai University Basketball Championships held at Mumbai
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Jan 2016 – May 2016
Data Analyst, Hospitality Industry, Syracuse University, Syracuse, New York
• Acquired more than 3 million records of a hotel chain data set to analyze the Net Promoter Score and customer overall satisfaction
• Preprocessed ,manipulated and cleansed data collected from multiple sources to improve quality to identify various columns for analysis
• Implemented data mining techniques like association rule mining and sensitivity analysis to identify patterns in the data & predict results
Risk Analyst, Dinosaur BBQ, Syracuse University, Syracuse, New York
Jan 2016 – May 2016
• Assessed the risk culture, organizational structure, existing risk infrastructure and business process to identify the potential risks/threats
• Initiated interviews with stakeholders, performed scenario analysis and SWOT analysis to identify risks associated with the organization
• Prioritized & plotted risks on the risk map, planned for contingency & mitigation of risks and reduced the risk exposure to the organization
Business System Analyst, GenNex Diagnostics, Syracuse University, Syracuse, New York
Jan 2016 – May 2016
• Designed high level and detailed business model canvas using value proposition, product map and competitive advantage circle concepts
• Performed root cause analysis on the existing systems and designed data flow and process flow models to integrate business operations
• Deployed operational, economic, technical, cultural and legal feasibility of the proposed system using candidate matrix to integrate systems
Project Manager, Fiber Tel Network, Syracuse University, Syracuse, New York
Sep 2015 - Dec 2015
• Prepared estimates of billable hours for project executives and developed the project charter to manage corresponding project workflow
• Articulated project goals and scope, translated business needs into technical terms, prepared detailed work breakdown structures (WBS)
TECHNICAL SKILLS
• Web and Database Technologies: MS-SQL Server, Oracle 10g, Java, HTML, XML, PL/SQL, R-Programming, Unix, Tableau, Google Analytics
• Other Tools: SSAS, Power BI, SSI, Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Project, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Access, SharePoint), R-Studio

\n
Sudipto Saha

1859 Old Meadow rd, McLean, VA 22102 ▪ 201/463-5132 ▪ s.sudipto@gmail.com 



SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Management professional with over Twelve years of consulting experience with key focus on Business Process Improvement and Finance Transformation. Strong problem solving skills, leadership skills, team work and ability to drive results across functions. Experience in key account management, consultative selling, corporate strategy, business analytics, and solutions-development with leading Global Firms.



EDUCATION

Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD

Master of Business Administration, Focus Areas: Consulting and Finance, 2012

Main courses: Financial Statement Analysis, Derivatives, Risk Management

Finance Club, Consulting Club, and Admissions Volunteer



Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, India

Bachelor of Technology, Electrical Engineering, 2001

Main courses: Digital Electronics, Artificial Intelligence, Electronic System design, Microprocessor



PMP candidate



EXPERIENCE



Fannie Mae, Washington, DC							            Feb 2013 - Today

Functional SME Payroll/HR Lead

Primary consulting responsibilities were subject matter specialist for Payroll, Time and Labor and HR. Improved business process flow; reduce redundant processes, implemented new processes to automate transactions.

Create, architect and implement strategic changes to operational processes, procedures and policies to ensure optimal resources utilization within budget constraints.

Working as team lead for large enhancement projects and subject matter expert for payroll, time and labor support.

Analyzed business needs to help ensure PeopleSoft package meets the customer’s objectives by combining industry best practices, product knowledge, and business acumen. 

Provided direction and mentoring to project teams, and effectively influences customer leadership on key decisions. 

Supported the business development efforts by pursuing new opportunities and extensions. 



Verizon, Dallas, TX					       			      Aug 2012 – Jun 2013	

Project manager

Served as a project manager for PeopleSoft HCM 9.1 upgrade and large consolidation project, employed best practices and project management methodology to guide team to effectively use the solution to meet business requirements and ensure member satisfaction

Managed a large resource pool, project-schedule, project cost estimation, cost management.

Involved in Business process re-engineering and change request management.

Worked on issues management, risk management, scope management, schedule management and cost management

Responsible for ensuring successful implementation and rollout of the solution.



National Academy of Science, Washington, DC					       Mar 2012 – Oct 2012

Functional SME HR/Payroll Lead								

Performed fit/gap and requirements analysis sessions to upgrade NA Payroll, HR and Benefits on PeopleSoft version 9.1 for a fast-paced environment.  

Coordinated development and testing efforts between functional, technical and user groups.  Managed issue tracking and creating project documentation.   Provided functionality enhancements to improve HR and Payroll efficiencies.

Planned and conducted the entire end to end time entry and payroll parallel testing. Validated GL upload process and integrated Payroll and General Ledger.

Conducted and provided weekly project status to upper management and business users.

Created training materials for end users for the new version of PeopleSoft.

Processed Human Resources transactions (PAR) for a full range of recurring career-conditional, career, temporary, limited appointments, separations, resignations, promotions, reassignments, and pay changes.  

Reviewed (PAR) actions for technical accuracy, verify that information was accurate and, where necessary, take corrective action(s), following the guidance of the supervisor and/or specialist. 

Testing PS HRMS Federal Product for the 9.1 Upgrade including MSS, ESS, Position Management, PAR Processing, Benefits, Security.

Interpret TSP policies related to benefit issues for the Analysts in other offices within the agency. 

Complied with all existing governmental, labor, legal and reporting requirements with regards to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO), the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). 

Assist with the configuration as it relates to the following Federal Benefits, FEHB/FEGLI/TSP/Retirement (FERS, CSRS)/Life events.

Processed benefits personnel transactions FEHB, FEGLI, and TSP elections and beneficiary forms into HR Information systems. 



CapitalOne Bank, Richmond, VA 							           Sep 2010 – Mar 2012

Project Manager/ Functional SME

Served as a business and technical manager for PeopleSoft HCM 9.1 projects, employed best practices and project management methodology to guide team to effectively use the solution to meet business requirements and ensure member satisfaction

Successfully managed the upgrade projects, within budget and on time.

Involved in Business process re-engineering and change request management.

Worked on issue 	s management, risk management, scope management, schedule management and cost management

Organized and Conducted Conference Room Pilots to present Solution demo. Conducted Gap Analysis and created solution documents to resolve gaps.

Developed regular status reports to track progress of the technical implementation and business testing against planned scope and schedule.

Appointed project manager for HSBC Acquisition integration project. Responsible for scope definition, costing estimation, project planning.

Produced weekly progress reports and provided to the project steering committee.

Coordinated with integration and other business team on the risk mitigation strategy.



QuadraMed Corp., Reston, VA 							          May 2007 – Sep 2010

Project Manager

Manage Enterprise Resource Process and Customer Relationship Management systems by providing solutions to integrate and maintain challenging environments.

Provide direction and mentoring to ERP implementation and upgrade project teams. Influencing customer leadership on key decisions. Collaborate with the business team by providing domain expertise.

Employed standard project management methods and techniques to ensure successful completion of technology related projects, systems upgrades or implementations.

Managed HR Project Team to meet HR Technology Strategy and objectives

Created, developed and tracked progress of initiatives and projects.

Created and managed project deliverables, including project timelines, budget, task and issue tracking, etc.

Initiated Internal Review Committee to reduce the number of software defects by 30% and improve developer knowledge of SOX compliance. Improved SOX compliance in cash receipts process, credit collection process and enterprise-wide assessment and management.

Presented company-wide implementation proposal for business intelligence solution to provide Product manager the right information at the right time to empower fact-based decisions at every level of the enterprise, achieve key objectives and gain maximum return from information assets.



BearingPoint Inc., Mountain View, CA 						          Oct 2005 – Apr 2007

Senior Consultant

Finance/SCM Implementation Projects

Primary consulting responsibilities were subject matter specialist for Supply Chain Management.

Led the solution design and implementation aspects of engagement ensuring high quality, integrated software solutions within constraints of time and budget.

Managed the project goals, delegated responsibilities to team members and established working patterns. 

Utilized requisitions functions to streamline procurement activities. Integrated purchasing with supply planning to better match available to promise for the sales force.

Liaised between client’s functional staff and off-shore development center. Worked extensively with client business analysts providing advice on specific application functionality serving as a subject matter specialist on Enterprise Integration Point, SCM and CRM.



Unisys Corporation, San Francisco, CA 						           Aug 2004 – Oct 2005

Senior Consultant

PeopleSoft Implementation, City of Albuquerque and Ben E Keith, Fort Worth

Provided recommendation on architecture, engineering, and operations services for the IT strategy, innovation, operations, and infrastructure required to deliver efficient and effective platforms fundamental to business success.

Built the interface between Telephone and PeopleSoft application to increase efficiency by 60%. Created an automated interface to reduce the man power from 100 to less than 50.



Citi Bank, New York, NY 								Jun 2003 – Jul 2004

Consultant

Implemented Sales, Support and Order Capture modules to accomplish the Account opening and Customer demographic view. Performed business process analysis in Credit Collections for a re-engineering initiative

Delivered Technology Advisory and Implementation solutions that extract and maximize business value from IT investments. 



Infosys Technologies Limited, Bangalore, India 					            Aug 2001 – Jun 2003

Team Lead/Consultant

Led teams in business requirements analysis, design and development and implementation phases of Oracle for financial services and technology clients.

Established and managed 5-member offshore team to support clients. Provided strong interface between client and the offshore team to ensure a smooth and proper understanding of client requirements and project functional knowledge.



ADDITIONAL INFORMATION



Computer Skills: Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Project, Business Objects Crystal, nVision, Query, PL SQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Visual Basic, Web, XML, XSL, HTML, Java, JavaScript, PeopleCode



Project Implementation Skills: functional integration, third party software interfaces, subcontract proposal preparation, presales activities, conversion support, test plans, script development, application engine, application messaging, component interface, integration broker, training, user acceptance testing, application software configuration.\n
Timothy Baker
3112 Hagerstown Hall ♦ University of Maryland ♦ College Park, MD 20742
410-979-3585 ♦ tim.baker4565@gmail.com 

Education

	University of Maryland	

	Robert H. Smith School of Business 	Cumulative GPA: 4.0

		

	Bachelor of Science, Finance Major	Freshman with 45 credits earned as of January 2016

	

	Special Programs 

	Honors College

	I-Corps Academy for Innovation and Entrepreneurship 

	Relevant Coursework	

	Business Statistics, Introduction to the Business Value Chain

	

Work Experience

	McCollum and Associates Law Firm	College Park, Maryland

	Legal Intern	June, 2014 - July, 2014

	Performed research for the attorneys, assembling background information on cases.

	Used templates to construct legal documents such as forms for incorporation and trademarking. 

	Used legal databases to research past cases, legal procedures, and laws pertinent to the case. 

	Performed clerical work on the behalf of the attorneys which included filing documents, sending letters, and making copies. 

	

Leadership Experience

	Appalachia Service Project (ASP), Senior Group Leader	 September 2012 – July 2015

	ASP is an non-profit organization that seeks to eradicate substandard housing in rural Appalachia.

	Team leader assisting in stabilizing the foundation of a family home and underpinning the base of a trailer home with vinyl siding to protect against the elements and pests.

	Worked with limited resources to construct solutions for serious structural problems in the homes.

	

	I-Corps Academy for Innovation and Entrepreneurship, Project Group Leader	July 2014 – August 2014	

	Attended the I-Corps program for young innovators at The Bullis School sponsored by DC I-Corps, The Bullis School, and the Academy for Innovation and Entrepreneurship at the UMD College Park.

	A member of a three person entrepreneurial team that sought to practice the lean start up method by providing value through solving a problem encountered by consumers.

	Conducted our own primary marketing research through interviews with prospective consumers.

	

	WBAL Kids Campaign Charity Concert, Section Leader	October 2013 – December 2015

	Percussionist in the WBAL Kids Campaign Holiday Concert, an annual holiday show to support and raise money for the Kids Campaign, a fund devoted to the betterment of young, economically deprived boys and girls in the WBAL Radio listening area.

	Organized the percussionists to make sure all parts were covered by adapting instrumentation to work with a limited number of performers.

	

	Maryland EconChallenge Adam Smith (AP) Division, Team Member	December 2013 – May 2014

	Assisted in leading our team to a 6th place finish in the Maryland State-Wide Economics Challenge.

	

	Training, Skills and Interests

	Programs: Word, Power Point, Excel, Audacity, and Logic (Audio editing), Microsoft and Apple OS

	Interests: Economics, Jazz Piano, Politics, Vinyl Records, Old School Hip-Hop\n
Sarah Lass
slass@terpmail.umd.edu
(240) 274–0247

21350 Village Green Cir
Germantown, MD 20876

Education:
University of Maryland, College Park
Bachelor of Science, Computer Science
 GPA: 3.756
 Dean’s List Fall 2015

Graduate May 2019

Work Experience:
Torrid
Gaithersburg, MD
Sales Associate
June-Aug. 2015, Dec. 2015 - Jan. 2016
 Assisted customers by escorting them to racks and counters; suggesting items.
 Advised customers with product information.
 Processed customers’ purchases.
Pineapple Alley Catering Inc.
Clinton, MD
Event Staffer
May-Oct. 2014
 Assisted floor manager with set up, breakdown, and plating at wedding receptions and corporate events.
 Acted as a liaison between kitchen staff and event coordinator.
Babysitter




Germantown, MD
June-Aug. 2014

Cared for 2-3 children of families in my neighborhood.
Supervised and took part in the children’s activities while maintaining a safe environment.

Girl Scouts of the USA Camp Sunshine
Boyds, MD
Camp Counselor
July 2012-July 2014
 Volunteered at a Girl Scout summer camp.
 Helped plan activities and was a counselor for a group of 15 to 20 girls from ages 6 to 9.

Skills:





Java Programming (Eclipse)
Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint
HTML5/CSS3
MatLab

Awards:


Girl Scouts of the USA Gold Award Recipient

\n
Bharat Pappu





Experience Summary

		My deep technical knowledge, combined with a thorough understanding of every aspect of the system, allows me to develop quick and effective solutions to the most challenging issues that customers face. In addition to overall technical leadership, I dive deep into the details of the system. I regularly provide analytical support by designing robust queries and quick-response applications to help Subject Matter Experts analyze and compare data. I work closely with the clients to understand and help clarify business rules, then translate them to the technical team for implementation. I oversee the resolution of all technical customer support issues for all the projects I have been involved with in the past 18 years.

		Technical Expertise 



Oracle Application Express 3 and above, oracle reports, oracle forms;

Oracle 7 and above;

SQL server 2000 & 2005;

MS OLAP Analysis server & pivot tables services;

MS Project Server 2003, uses .net Framework;

Independent Oracle SQL, PL/SQL and MS Project Server instructor;

OBIEE 10.x, 11g, BI Publisher COGNOS 7.x, Pentaho, open source J2EE compliant BI solution;

Tableau 9.3 and 10.0

J2EE (Struts-hibernate, JSF & PrimeFaces) applications;

Enterprise Architecture frameworks;

Building Web Application using PL/SQL, DHTML, JavaScript, AJAX and web 2.0 frameworks;

Work Experience:

		

Criminal Justice Coordinating Council, Washington DC                                       March 2016 - Present

Independent Contractor 

Help perform a data readiness assessment to establish the current state of data availability (format and frequency) and define the agency requirements to ensure agency data will be ready for reporting within the stipulated frequency.

Help analyze the current and future business reporting requirements as well as proposing a feasible solution for the creation of the Public Safety and Criminal Justice automated report.

Help create a process for mapping (source, format and frequency) the data points for the automated report using SSIS packages in MS SQL Server environment.

Use Tableau for prototyping dashboards and automated reporting of identified public safety and criminal justice data points. Use Tableau to allow users to extract, explore and visualize data.

The inclusion of tables, charts graphs and other visual tools is part of the effort.

Use SSIS packages to support the data extraction from partner agencies’ data systems and apply analytics to identify public safety and criminal justice trends.



CelerCost Inc & Health IT 2 Business Solution March                                            2015- February 2016

As the Chief Technology Officer I helped develop technology goals, created plans for the business and its customers to achieve a good/better return on technology investments, created a roadmap for the engineering and IT staff, built a technology platform to support products and services and provided oversight of the maintenance of products and services.

CelerKostTM - Electronic Cost Reporting solution			             	March 2015 - Present

Architect				   

As the architect, and developer I designed and developed CelerKost™, a web-based electronic cost reporting system to manage health care expenditures. CelerKost™ provides a transparent view on the use of funds and resources in the health care service delivery system. Financial information is loaded and validated in a rules-based engine that presents organized and actionable reports to assist both payees and payers. CelerKost™ delivers relevant, real-time financial and patient information via an intuitive interface. I designed CelerKost™ to be very flexible, intuitive to the wide variety of users, easy to integrate, featuring modular configuration capability and accessibility. CelerKost™ relies on multi-tier system architecture, separating data from business logic and from presentation components. This architectural approach to enterprise software application development allows for modular configuration, ease of expendability, and minimum administrative requirements. CelerKostTM allows access to its powerful Oracle Database and provides a complete 360-degree overview by accessing remote and enterprise data sources. CelerKostTM is developed using the Oracle Application Express engine, the engine performs: Session state management, Authentication services, Authorization services, Page flow control, Validations processing and Rendering and page processing. The asynchronous session state management architecture ensures the minimal CPU resources are consumed. CelerKostTM architecture also uses FOEX components enabling the ease and speed of designing and developing rich user interfaces that integrate Oracle APEX and Ext JS by Sencha.



Project Manager 						       May 2015-September 2015

	As the PM and IT assessment lead I helped the DC Department on Disability Services (DDS) to work with the No Wrong Door Leadership Council for the District of Columbia. The services were a part of the planning process to create a No Wrong Door (NWD) System of Access to Long Term Supports and Services (LTSS) for all Populations and all Payers. As the lead consultant I provided the leadership council with consultation and technical assistance to assess the strengths, gaps and opportunities in the current IT systems that will eventually lead to building bridges between individual systems to facilitate development of an interagency system. The department was able to secure the grant for the future work, the recommendation report and the analysis were instrumental in the process

Project Manager (June 2015- September 2015)

	As the PM I led the installation and configuration effort to help the DC Department of Health Services in their DCAS virtual Linux environments, to include development, testing, pre-UAT and production environments.



District of Columbia Court System 					        August 2010 –March 2015

As the Application Development Manager I served as an expert in performing full range of system development life cycle activities, following both traditional and agile methodologies in order to deliver enterprise –wide and business unit –based software application solutions. On a daily basis I provide guidance and assistance with systems’ analysis, design, programming, deployment, integration, and post-production enhancement and issue resolution. I am involved in performing complex and innovative tasks in many specialized areas such as client-server, multi-tier, web applications, tools, and workflows.   I lead the software development processes for the court systems to assure adequacy of design and compliance with technical standards. I also provide technical supervision of contractors employed by the court to deliver custom and integrated systems. I oversee the development, enhancement, and integration of all Courts custom web applications. I work closely with case management, business automation, and enterprise content management systems, identifying and incorporating new functionality, and addressing long term maintenance issues that include scalability, flexibility, and performance. I prepare executive briefings and advise the Courts leadership on all IT projects and high level development activities. A few projects that I have led, managed and delivered successfully include:

Framework used, Oracle APEX 4.x

	Bar Applicant Tracking System, the scope of this effort was to custom development and implement and redesign an existing MS Access application to a web application (Oracle APEX). Integration with Bar Code Scanner to consume data from NCBE (National Conference of Bar Examiners) through web services and dynamically populating an oracle apex form were the highlights of this project.

	Interpreter System developed using FOEX (Extjs +Oracle APEX) to support our Language Interpreter Office. I led the team to integrate FOEX successfully with features like: VPD– for both user authentication & authorization, Session Cookie - interact between multiple APEX applications, Oracle Function Result caching (performance related) – code once & reuse with a single select.

	

OBIEE, Business Intelligence Solution

Technical manager for an EDW, OBIEE, scorecard and BI Publisher project to deliver inventory and performance measure reports and analyses for consumers and authors.



   PromeFaces & JSF 2.0

Full lifecycle software development services to deliver Web Service solution in order to stream out case management related information. The scope delivered included integration of, Digital signage (Kiosks) & Pay.gov payment system front-end development initiative. The Web Services were designed in a way to enable expansion and modifications without major architectural rework. The solution is scalable to accommodate other similar activities, including but not limited to: future development of mobile apps, redesign of Court Cases Online system to decouple currently encapsulated data from business logic and presentation layer.

Web Voucher System Modernization & Compliance Full Lifecycle Software Development Services, the project integrates several disparate implementations of the same programming code set, I led the team to enhance usability and provide a voucher system that provides easy access to financial information to all the stakeholders. We have been successful in the design and development of a robust workflow engine that helps integrate various organization levels and roles. We implemented a “state of the art” service/EJB layer that helps decouple business logic and data. A robust and scalable web services layer has been designed and developed to help serve the system consumer and provide a framework for future support of mobile applications.



VISTAtsi April 2000 – August 2010

	o	April 2006 – August 2010, I was the development manager of VISTAtsi’s modernization effort for the Real Property Planning and Analysis System (RPLANS) which included two other legacy systems, the Facility Planning System (FPS), and the Army Criteria Tracking System (ACTS). Oracle Application Express (APEX) is the primary development framework used to help create the modernized solution. It is now the Army's official decision support system for one of the largest real property portfolios in the world. This robust system has well written SQLs, to make sure they are scripted well I ask my team to do an “explain plan” and “auto trace” on each and every query and look for performance bottlenecks. SQL hints provide a huge improvement in

query performance; the table structures are frequently fine-tuned. Use of table partitions, compressions, IOTs, indexes and other storage optimization techniques help data storing and querying extremely efficient.

	o	October 2004- October 2006, I led the technical implementation for a Defense Logistics Agency project to implement MS Project Server for BRAC tracking. The Microsoft Project Server/Microsoft EPM solution helped centralize MS project plans and is helping project managers to collaborate and document project’s task, resources, issues and risk information. Simultaneously I also served a s a Project Lead for a Decision Support System for civilian agencies was designed using OWB, Oracle warehouse builder10g an ETL utility to interface with both oracle and non-oracle data sources, a central database of databases.

	o	February 2003- February 2005, I was the technical lead on a project that designed and implemented a data collection tool for 6 Department of Defense (DOD) agencies that was used to capture data for the 2005 Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) effort. I helped design and develop the web application to collect data from around 5000 users across all army installations on Oracle 9i release 2 and Sun Solaris platform (later upgraded to 10g).The database centric application, built on stored PLSQL packages, Procedures and functions creates an HTML page at run time using MOD PLSQL cartridge, a gateway for the OracleHTTPserver (apache’s extension for oracle) to the Oracle 9i/10g database.

	o	April 2000- February 2003, I was the lead developer on the Army Stationing and Installation Plan project, a data integration and web-based database application project which serves Army installation managers worldwide. This system allows system administrators to precisely identify the requestor’s organization or supported organization within the Army staff and allows the application to apply business rules to users based on their credentials.

Pinnacle software solutions 					           April 1999- April 2000

	o	Oracle instructor (Forms, Reports, SQL and PLSQL) at IT institutes and for corporate clients. I was involved in developing a web application, for students to have database access to testing & evaluation services, discussion board and other oracle related resources online. This product was developed with Oracle Application Server 4.0 as the application server, apache as the web server and stored packages inside the Oracle 8i database.

Education:



M.S., Information systems technology, George Washington University

M.B.A., Marketing& Finance University of Madras, India

B.S., Accounting and Commerce, University of Madras, India







Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Bharat Pappu	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 5 of 5\n
Prakhar Singh

Education

3406 Tulane Drive, #21, Hyattsville, MD 20783; (240) 360-6649; prakhar.singh@rhsmith.umd.edu

Robert H Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems. GPA: 3.33
Relevant Courses: Data Models and Decisions, Data Mining and Predictive Analysis, Database Management Systems
Business Process Analysis for IT, Data Networks & Infrastructure

Dec 2016

Manipal Institute Technology, KA, India
Bachelor of Technology in Civil Engineering, GPA: 3.8
Relevant Courses: Financial Management, Essentials of Management and Engineering Economics

May 2015

Certifications
•
•
•
•

‘Data Visualization and Communication with Tableau’ by Duke University : Analyzed the ‘dognation’ dataset and used dashboarding
and storytelling to display the results
‘Project Management Principles and Practices’ by University of California, Irvine. This included certifications in:
‘Initiating and Planning Projects’, ‘Budgeting and Scheduling Projects’ and ’Managing Project Risks and Changes’
‘Agile Meets Design Thinking’ by University of Virginia (Currently Pursuing)
‘R Programming’ by Bloomberg School of Public Health, Johns Hopkins University (Currently Pursuing)

Work Experience

Smith IT, Robert H. Smith School of Business
Aug 2015 - Present
Graduate Assistant (IT Consultant)
• Analyze the needs of various clients and systems in the business school and help them improve organizational effectiveness by
implementation of applications, services and technology
• Collaborate with clients to discuss their needs and develop reports to perform analyses of the situation, prioritize the work and
mitigate the risks
Galfar Engg. & Contracting, India
Jun 2014 - Jul 2014
Project Management Intern
• Leveraged the available resources to form creative methods to enhance collaboration and teamwork, cutting down the project
duration by 2 months
• Used professional skepticism for the review and approval of test samples; audited available stocks; applied feedback from the past
to address the needs of the project

Academic Projects

University of Maryland-College Park
Aug 2015 - Present
Organizational Database for iMovies – Salesforce and MS SQL implementation
• Formulated the business objectives and transactions for the client to let them collect, store and enable information intelligence to
meet the needs across all business operations including finance & risk
• Developed an entity relational schema capturing the organizational details and major business operations focusing on business
development activities, to generate dashboard reports
• Deployed a Salesforce CRM model based on the Relational Schema, to improvise data analytics, storytelling and business
intelligence for the management
DONCO LTD Feasibility Study – Business and IT expansion analysis
• Performed feasibility study for offshore business expansion of Donco Ltd in Somalia, Africa to help the client align IT with business
values and to enhance efficiency with global integration
• Assessment focused on in-depth market analysis and quality control of the internet service providers focusing on infrastructure,
operations and risks
• Executed SWOT analysis to zero down on the feasible geographic locations, considering economic and political conditions of the
country and formed a strategy for expansion

Skills
•
•
•

Business Analysis and Processes Skills: Agile, Waterfall, SDLC, UML, Lucid Chart
Database & Data Analysis Skills: MS SQL Server, Stat Tools, @Risk, Precision Tree, Solver table, Pivot Table, V lookup,
Regression Analysis, Hypothesis Testing, Confidence Interval
Languages and Tools: Microsoft Office including Excel and PowerPoint, R, Tableau, Salesforce, Google Sketchup

Leadership and Volunteer
•
•
•

Active member of Terrapin Photography club, The Terp Service including Terps for a Change and Terps Service Days
Commanded and travelled across India, with a team of 20 cadets in National Cadet Corps (A sub unit of Indian Army)
Drafted a Global ethics & values code, communicated the research findings and recommendations concisely to the United Nations,
as a delegate of Global Ethics and Value Convention

\n
NADIA O'KHARA 

Boca Raton, FL 33428 

	Phone:	(561) 702-6623 

Email: nadia.ohara@gmail.com 

 

SUMMARY: 

 

Hands on experience of testing web and mobile applications; 

Well versed in Software Development Life Cycle and Software Testing Life Cycle; 

Proficient in software issues identification and documentation; 

Excellent communication skills, ability to solve problems in a professional and timely manner; 

Ability to work in diverse teams and to communicate well with others; 

Selfdriven with strong work ethics; able to embrace challenging assignments and develop new approaches with minimal supervision. 

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

 

Platforms: Windows 8/7/10/Vista/XP/Mac OSX; 

Mobile Platforms: iOS, Android OS; Windows; 

Languages: HTML, XML, JavaScript, CSS; QTP, Selenium Webdriver, SQL; 

Web Testing Tools: Firebug, Charles, XPath; 

Bug Tracking Tools: JIRA, Bugzilla; 

Databases: Oracle



EMPLOYMENT: 

 

Sept. 2015  Present	Quality Assurance Tester at Motionpoint Corporation, Coconut Creek, FL 

 

Testing web and mobile applications; 

Executing all the types of black box software testing – localization, GUI, functionality, regression, release and user acceptance, browser compatibility test; 

Identifying, researching and reporting defects via tracking system with bug descriptions, screenshots and videos; 

Maintaining existing automated scripts for continuing functionality by fixing scripting issues via Selenium Web Driver;

Researched, testing, and implementing new automation software.

  

	2014 – Present	Freelance test engineer at Utest.com 

 

Worked on numerous short term test projects for companies 

Within an array of different applications and platforms performed test case design and execution, Web and Mobile platform testing, executed performance test suites and ad-hock test patterns

Analyzed and disseminated application requirements

Reported defects within uTest proprietary defect tracking system and provided improvement recommendations for applications

Often collaborated with other project team members to assist with project completion





 



March 2007  May 2008    	Project Manager Assistant, Antea Group (formerly Delta 

Environmental Consultants Inc), Armonk, NY 10503

 

Administrative support to a Project Manager and project staff; 

Data management, deliverable tracking, financial tracking, vendor invoice processing; 

Resource management support, facilities management, maintenance of equipment and supply inventories; 

Set up conference rooms for events and "lunch & learn" meetings as well as handling catering for these events; 

Correspondence preparation, editorial reviews, electronic and hard copy file management, mail and other administrative activities associated with supporting environmental project team.   



April 2005  October 2006    Administrative Assistant, “Energoactiv”, Moscow, Russia 

Travel arrangements and itineraries preparation; 

Responsible for implementation of all office needs, supplies, and functions; research, organizational, administrative and clerical support; correspondences, document management, invoices; 

Management of expenses including preparation and tracking plus assistance to consultants on an as needed basis; 

Answered phones, greeted and assisted visitors, handled  general administrative duties, such as filing, copying and mailing; 

Handled different tasks, such as information search, helped plan and coordinate special personal and business events, etc., coordinated hiring activities and schedule, interfaced with high level executives. 

 

 June 2004  April 2005    Administrative Assistant/Interpreter, “Stroygradservice”, Moscow, Russia 

Translated and prepared documentation (Russian – English); 

Organized and translated meetings with foreign partners; 

Implemented administrative office needs.  

 

February 2001  June 2004    Coordinator of international programs,  

IAESTE Russia (International Association for the Exchange of Students for Technical Experience), Moscow, Russia 

Handled full duties for organization of internship and language courses for foreign students in Russia, including visa documents, accommodation, culture program, etc. 

Prepared documents for Russian students for internships and language courses abroad; 

Communicated with all foreign partners, searched and interviewed candidates for internships; 

Supervised, managed and trained 5-person office staff. 

 

EDUCATION, TRAINING, AND CERTIFICATION: 

 

	2014	Software QA Training at Portnov Computer School; 

	2014	Utest University courses (online); 

	2006	BS in Technology and Organization of restaurant business; 

Russian Economic University named after G.V. Plekhanov, Moscow, Russia; 

	2004	Internship in TU Munich (Faculty of Food Technology), Munich Germany 

 

PERSONAL: 

 Green Card holder; 

Excellent time management skills, strong work ethic and the ability to take on multiple roles to be successful; 

Excellent analytical, organizational and interpersonal skills. 



 EXCELLENT PERSONAL AND PROFESSIONAL REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST\n
DEEPTHI VISWANATH
■ College Park MD 20740 ■ 240.330.0859 ■ deepthi.viswanath@rhsmith.umd.edu ■ www.linkedin.com/in/vdeepthi
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
December 2016
Master of Science in Information Systems
Recent coursework – Business Process Analysis, Project Management, Management Information Systems, Decision Analytics
PES Institute of Technology, Bangalore, India
Bachelor of Engineering in Telecommunications

May 2013

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Paradyme Management Inc., Greenbelt, MD
June 2016 – Present
Corporate Technical Analyst
§
Identified requirements by interviewing stakeholders, recommending software/technologies to improve operational
efficiency of existing IT systems
§
Developed and implemented robust time keeping web application for about 70 employees to reconcile their time sheet
entries with client invoice
§
Performed opportunity and cost benefit analysis to assess potential Applicant Tracking System software
Deloitte Consulting Pvt. India Ltd, Bangalore, India
Business Technology Analyst
March 2014 - June 2015
§
Assessed impact of new requirements in extant code to remove overlapping subscriber enrollments
§
Designed Process Flow document interpreting business requirements and conducting knowledge transfer sessions
§
Monitored monthly production activities, identified bottlenecks in code and conveyed vulnerabilities to developers which
led to a reduction of overall run time by two hours
ETL Developer
July 2013 - March 2014
§
Developed ETL workflows for Risk Adjustment and Risk Corridors of Healthcare Insurance to process Medical and
Pharmacy claims of current fiscal year corresponding to their business rules
§
Summarized and generated XML files for enrollment and claims data; securely transferred the files to HHS, achieving
98.6% accuracy of the submitted data for fiscal year 2013
§
Analyzed pend reprocessing feasibility for client and developed codes to reuse pended Medical & RX claims that improved
rate of processed claims by 20%
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Graduate Student Government Communication Committee
September 2015 – June 2016
Secretary
§
Composed and distributed bi-weekly meeting agendas and minutes, routine correspondences and reports
§
Facilitated as communication liaison between different schools at UMD to increase their participation in GSG events
DESI, University of Maryland
August 2015
Volunteer
§
Collaborated with 15 new students at Indian Independence day celebrations participated by 350 students, 20 alumni and six
guests; assisted with decoration of hall and oversaw distribution of food
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Technical Skills: Languages: SQL, HTML, XML, UML
Data warehouse & ETL: Informatica, IBM DB2, Teradata
Visualization: Tableau, Lucid Charts, Visio
Other: UNIX Shell Scripting, R, CSS, Project Management Principles, Enterprise Learning Management System, Service Now
Incident Management System, AGILE & waterfall methodology, Customer Service
	

\n
Paul Curtis

Media, PA 19063 • 412-716-0747 • pcurtis5688@gmail.com



Education

Indiana University of Pennsylvania

College of Natural Sciences and Mathematics

Computer Science Bachelor’s degree (2010)

Major G.P.A.: 3.58

 

Coursework at Duquesne University

Honors Chemistry Program

Years Attended: 2006 – 2007

 

Academic Honors and Activities

Graduated Cum Laude from IUP (2010)

Dean’s List for duration of IUP enrollment (January 2008 – August 2010)

Academic Scholarship awarded through Duquesne University (2007)

Attended the National Youth Leadership Forum on Technology (Silicon Valley, 2005)

Participated in Cisco Certified Network Associates (CCNA) Program (2004-2005)

 

Technical Skills

Languages/Technologies: Java 6/7 & J2EE technologies & Architecture (JSPs, Servlets, Beans), JavaScript & JS Libraries/Frameworks (jQuery, ExtJS, AngularJS), HTML5/CSS3/XML, MVC Frameworks (Struts 2/Spring), ORM (Hibernate), SQL/Relational DB Technologies, XML (Utilization & Analysis), JSON, PHP, SOAP. CFML, COBOL, VB Script, Web Services

Software: Eclipse, Netbeans IDEs, RDBMS (MS SQL Server 2005/2008, Oracle, MySQL), Apache Tomcat Deployment, Firebug, Git & Subversion SVN, Cardiff Autonomy System (Process Automation), Cardiff Teleform, MS Dynamics (Great Plains), ColdFusion Builder, VB Studio

SDLC Methodologies: Experience in Team-oriented and Agile Development environments; Experience gathering, analyzing, discussing, and meeting customer requirements; UML Design

Portfolio Resources:

GitHub Repository (Some Public Projects): https://www.github.com/pcurtis5688

Example existing site (at neighbor's request): http://www.psychic-bella.com

 



Professional Work Experience

Freelance Projects / Android Projects (Remote)                           	Mar 2017 - Present

Software Engineer

Gymbuddy – Modifications to an existing Android project for finding a gym partner by location, interests, gender, etc

Dsmeerut – Conversion of www.dsmeerut.com to a native application such that the voting locations and other information can be accessed from an Android device anywhere without mobile data connection

 

(Completed all requirements given in contract for Ashton & Mansion, LLC)

 

Ashton & Mansion, LLC (Bala Cynwyd, PA)                      	           Aug 2016 – Feb 2017

Software Engineer (remote contract, occasional meetings)

Developed a trade show management application for the Clover point-of-sale system. Clover POS is essentially an Android system with additional security features. The application made use of Android events to listen for changes which required a swap to a custom application, process users operations, and swap back when necessary to complete the transactions

Created a solution to cross-integrate MS Dynamics NAV and a separate Java-based system utilizing a RESTful web service to process CRUD operations for JSON objects

Built from scratch a Java system utilizing a Spring framework as well as the use of Payeezy (by First Data) to process credit card operations. The system also emailed  invoices as well as managed the data behind said ledger entries. 

 

Penn Assurance Software (Media, PA)                 	      	                       Oct 2014 - May 2015

Software Engineer

Wrote Java-based algorithms to iterate over millions of DB records that were to be updated, analyzing XML for various requirements, counts, and analysis in the process, as required by the client. Utilized Node4J API for the XML analysis and update portion of the project. For example, the client needed to analyze parent-child node relationships in an effort to make decisions related to their new database schema, for which I was responsible for performing various counts and updates via JDBC.

Added a new facet to an existing XML-based UI for a secondary client, adjusting their existing SQL Server database to account for a new parent-child relationship within their XML structure. 

Wrote SQL scripts to be run within the above environments when the client was ready to move the changes from development to testing environments. Received feedback and additional requests from clients and made myself available to re-focus on any high-priority changes

 

(Relocated to Philadelphia from Wyomissing.  Worked on small freelance projects as well as looking for new work.)

 

Fitch Ratings (RSC Solutions Contractor) (Wyomissing, PA)     	Aug 2013 – Oct 2013

Java Developer (contract)

Contracted for a project invovling major enhancement, maintenance, and furthering of one of their largest and most fundamental internal applications, which is used to assist the company’s many financial analysts to utilize its research, financial data, and analytical tools to track, update, and organize the meetings in which the credit ratings of a great portion of companies, corporations, and financial institutions are discussed and distributed. Spring framework with a heavy use of, as described below, ExtJS framework

Met business and functional requirements necessary for proper enhancements of the application utilizing SCRUM methodology, on-site discussion and versioning control in a J2EE-environment with a heavy emphasis on the use of the ExtJS framework

 

(Relocated from Pittsburgh to Philadelphia and then to Wyomissing for contract)

 

Transport Investments, Inc (Pittsburgh, PA) 	 	                   Dec 2011 – May 2012

Web Applications Developer

Utilized core Java and VB script in conjunction with Cardiff Teleform and Autonomy to bring automation to the indexing, processing, as well as the procedures following, the introduction of any business documents to the workplace

Independently utilized Coldfusion, JavaScript, and SQL Server 2005/2008 technologies and queries in the development of applications to bring the way in which multiple departments operated up-to-date, streamlining various processes and allowing for quicker, more efficient day-to-day business. Worked alongside these internal customers to help narrow and clarify their needs such that they can be implemented and realized within the development process

Utilized .NET to develop a custom plugin for MS Outlook to handle automatic indexing of outlined credit documents into the credit application, its database, as well as the file server

Collaborated with a second developer in the transition from a previously-built Autonomy-based system handling multiple processes to a more agile ColdFusion-based environment

Performed individual bug-prevention and QA on all applications that I worked with and/or maintained for the duration of my stay at Transport Investments LLC

Ensured that I was available to any employee who may have a request, suggestion, or issue with any piece of software and worked quickly to correct any issue, or escalate any request or concern for my manager’s approval

 

Highmark Blue Cross/Blue Shield (Pittsburgh, PA)                               Dec 2010 – Sept 2011           Customer Service Representative

Provided exceptional service to COBRA insurance participants by responding to a broad range of inquiries with accurate, reliable information

Cultivated positive customer relations by maintaining a friendly, professional attitude and by addressing any issues or concerns that may arise in an appropriate and timely fashion

Escalated all discrepancies in the administration of such benefits to the appropriate party for adjustment or review

 

(Attended College 2006-2010)

 

Computer House Call (Pittsburgh, PA)   	                                              Jun 2003 - Aug 2006

Computer Technician

Provided exceptional computer repair service for customers to resolve issues and concerns relating to prevention of data loss, virus infection, performance and security-related issues

Built new computers, installing hardware and software, and ensuring new equipment is up-to-date and ready for use. Held responsibility for installing data backup for a wide variety of complex jobs including external hard-drives and BIOS software to simple USB backups\n
MICHAEL ANTONY
8125 48th Avenue

College Park, Maryland 20740

Phone Number 301.624.3211

michael.antony@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems | GPA – 3.95 / 4.0
Vellore Institute of Technology, Vellore, India
Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology | GPA – 7.94 / 10.0

December 2016

May 2012

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Schneider Electric India Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore, India
July 2012 – July 2015
Senior Analyst – Web Operations
Project: Planview Upgrade
 Configured and deployed new version of resource allocation tool, saving organization $30,000
 Used pivot tables in MS Excel to analyze breakdown of overall project costs
 Analyzed requirements and created Functional Requirements report for project stakeholders
 Executed transactional SQL scripts to manipulate over 800,000 records of data in the database
Project: EcoXpert Upgrade
 Coordinated with the Project Manager to deliver new release of application to reduce downtime by 60%
 Liaised between Project Manager and Database Administrator to speed up execution of required SQL scripts
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Business Process Analysis –Doctors Community Hospital
April 2016
 Converted over 50 functional and non-functional requirements into user stories for Sprint backlog
 Developed website registration form as part of Scrum Team using Agile methodology
 Implemented views and manipulated data in a 70,000 record database using SQL
Google Analytics – Google Online Marketing Challenge | Client: Story District
April 2016
 Planned a Google Ad campaign for client within a budget of $250
 Used Google Analytics to measure events and conversions to increase success indicators by 10%
Database Management System – Car Rental System
December 2015
 Used SQL to create and update over 1000 rows within the car rental database
 Developed application front-end using .NET to allow customers to log in and rent a car from the database
 Created document suite containing ER Schema, business transactions and installation instructions
Data Models and Decision Making – Bike Rental
December 2015
 Created a data model using MS Excel and used @Risk to perform simulation to track inventory and revenue
 Used Solver Tables to perform sensitivity analysis and help maximize profit by 20%
LEADERSHIP/VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Co-Vice President of External Relations
December 2015
MS Professional Communications Club, Robert H. Smith School of Business
 Organized mock career fair for 200 MSc students to help students gain career fair experience
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 Technical skills: SQL, C++, HTML, .NET, MS Office, MS Excel (StatTools, Pivot Tables, Solver Tables),
Tableau, Google Analytics, Google AdWords, R
 Awarded “Xtra Miler” award for delivering upgrade within 1 month deadline
 Member of Schneider Electric’s soccer team

\n
PRASAD KAVERI
3412 University Boulevard East, Hyattsville, MD 20783
Contact No.: 301-273-4187 || Email ID: prasadkaveri9@gmail.com || https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasadkaveri
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
Dec 17
Master of Science, Telecommunications Engineering
GPA: 4.0/4.0
Technical Coursework: Network Programming, Network and Protocols, Cyber Security, Cellular Communication Networks
Management Coursework: Economics of telecommunications, Strategic Management in Telecommunications
University of Mumbai, India
June 15
Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering
Related Coursework: Computer Communication Networks, Data Compression & Encryption, Java, C, Mobile Comm., Wireless
Networks, Digital Communication
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Tools & Software: Drupal CMS, Quality Center, Jira, Eclipse, Visual Studio, MATLAB, WinAVR, Eagle software
Programming & Computer Skills: Python, Java, C, HTML, Microsoft office Suite, Assembly Language Programming
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Johnson & Johnson, Ethicon Division, India
June 16
Marketing & Business Development Intern
• Documented the various treatments on Infertility segment and estimated the Indian infertility market size to be worth approximately
USD 11.2 billion
• Developed an engagement module on infertility and designed procedure focused kits for J&J’s obstetrics/gynecology clients to
improve market share in the suture segment by at least USD 34 million
Tech Mahindra, India
Aug 15
Associate Software Engineer
• Learned different technologies by pairing with experienced engineers
• Involved in documenting QA procedures using the MS Office suite
• Used Quality Center and JIRA for bug tracking and for the management of test documentation
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
University of Maryland, College Park
Simulation of a 3-Sectored Base Station using Python
May 16
• Implemented a Python application which simulated the downlink behavior of a 3-sectored base station along a road
• Calculated metrics such as Propagation Loss, Shadowing, Fading and EIRP off Boresight to determine which sector offered the
strongest Received Signal Level
• Computed statistics such as number of users serviced, completed calls, calls dropped and calls handed-off in each sector
V.E.S.I.T, University of Mumbai
Four Way Density Based Traffic Control System with Advanced Monitoring Techniques
Dec 14
• Estimated a reduction potential for real-time traffic duration by 33.33%
• Published a research paper in the International Journal of Application or Innovation in Engineering & Management, an International
open access journal. (Link: http://www.ijaiem.org/Volume4Issue3/IJAIEM-2015-03-31-94.pdf )
Arduino Based Shadow Alarm with GSM
March 14
• Designed a shadow alarm using Arduino which shoots an alert SMS using GSM 300 module
• Published a paper in the ‘Journal of Emerging Technologies and Innovative Research’, an International open access journal. (Link:
http://www.jetir.org/papers/JETIR1508004.pdf )
VOLUNTEERING & EXTRACURRICLARS
• Volunteered for ‘Chant4Change’ at Lincoln Memorial, a philanthropic event which was attended by over 1000 people and aimed at
spreading peace, unity and harmony
• Active volunteer at an animal NGO named: In Defense of Animals (IDA-INDIA)
University of Maryland
Jan 16-present
• Telecommunications Students Alumni Network (TSAN) – Student Member
• Graduate Student Government (GSG) - Telecommunications department representative
• Active member at Bhakti Vedanta Club for Culture & Education at UMD– Organizing workshops on lifestyle management
Indian Society for Technical Education, Student Chapter, India
2012-15
• B.E. Core Committee, senior year- Organized industrial trips, sponsorship and managed finances
• Student Coordinator, sophomore year- Organized and managed events for 650 students
Praxis, V.E.S Institute of Technology, Mumbai
2012-14
• Core committee member, senior year- Organized the inter-college technical festival which was attended by over 500 students
• Resources Module Head, junior year - Responsible for strategic allocation of scarce resources needed for event execution

\n
Prakhar Singh
4312, Rowalt Drive, Apt 101, College Park, MD, 20740; (240) 360-6649; prakhar.singh@rhsmith.umd.edu; Linkedin

Education
Robert H Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems. GPA: 3.54
Relevant Coursework: Business Process Analysis, Strategic and Transformational IT
Database Management Systems, Data Models & Decisions

Dec 2016

Manipal Institute Technology, KA, India
Bachelor of Technology in Civil Engineering, GPA: 3.8

May 2015

Skills & Certification
Data Communication and Visualization in Tableau certified by Duke University
AdWords and Search Advertising certified by Google.com
Business Processes and Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall, SDLC, Swim Lane, UML 
Database & Data Analytics Skills: MS SQL Server, Stat Tools, @Risk, Precision Tree, Solver table, Pivot
Table, Regression Analysis, Hypothesis Testing, Confidence Interval
• Tools and Languages: Tableau, R, Python, SharePoint, Microsoft Office (Excel, Access), Salesforce
• Digital Marketing Skills: Google Analytics, AdWords, SEM, Dashboarding, Social Media Marketing
•
•
•
•

Work Experience
WR Grace, Columbia
Jun 2016 – Aug 2016
Business Analysis - Knowledge Management Database Intern
• Worked closely with the end user and the IT team to understand requirements and functional capabilities
• Translated business requirements into a database solution for enhanced decision making and appropriate standards
• Operated closely with end-users, generating a feedback loop and creating new process improvement opportunities
• Compiled the steps taken in the tool, to develop an admin and a user manual, along with training sessions
Smith IT, Robert H. Smith School of Business
Aug 2015 – Present
Graduate Assistant (IT Analyst)
• Analyze needs of clients to improve organizational effectiveness by applications, services and technology
• Collaborate with clients to develop reports for analysis and prioritizing tasks to maintain business continuity

Capstone
Tacking System for University of Maryland – Product Owner (Agile Methodology)  
• Understand requirements to develop a video quality tracking system for Learning Service Technologies  
• Used agile approach to deliver the tracking system to optimize the pricing of the future learning videos  
Data Analysis and Process Improvement dognaiton.com – Tableau  
• Gathered business requirements for process modeling and quantitative analysis to find the underlying factors  
• Analyzed a data set of 178,000 rows, to determine the factors that had the highest impact on the business value
Google Online Marketing Challenge - Team Lead  
• Used Google AdWords, to drive improvements on performance matrix via search engine marketing (SEM)  
• Analyzed traffic pattern, conversion funnel, CTR and A/B testing for bid management of the PCC campaign  
Business Process Improvement for iMovies – Salesforce and MS SQL  
• Defined business processes and translated them into system requirements in all the steps of business operations
• Deployed a CRM model to improvise dashboarding, storytelling and business intelligence for the management
Credit and Loan Granting Analysis- R Scripting and Data Analysis
• Analyzed 100,000 rows to determine the trends of banks granting loans based on various parameters
• Performed several analysis including Logistic Regression, Neural Network analysis and Cluster Analysis

\n
Anish Patel

(773) 392-5412

	anish15patel@gmail.com

		

Anish Patel		Page 2 of 3

Professional Summary:

Over 4 years of experience in the IT industry as Software QA Tester

Experience performing manual testing on web, client & mobile based applications

Strong knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and the role of QA in the SDLC

Create and maintain test plans, test cases in compliance with define QA standards and methodologies

Establish and configure testing environments for executing test cases 

Proficient in Positive, Negative, Functional, GUI, Smoke, System Integration, Regression, User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Internal Client Acceptance Testing (ICAT)

Execute manual test cases for the product under development using test management/tracking tools. 

Writes moderately complex test plans for assigned projects. Maintains record of test progress, document test results, prepare reports and present results as appropriate

Experience writing and executing SQL queries to extract client data for back end testing from Oracle SQL database

Excellent communication, Interpersonal skills and strong analytical ability and problem solving skills



Technical Skills:



Methodology

Waterfall, Agile

Project Management Tools

JIRA, Quality Center

RDBMS

Oracle, Ms SQL

Applications

Client, Web & Mobile

Operating System

Windows XP, Windows 7

Mobile Devices

Android, ios



Professional Experience



AbbVie Inc. 										Jan 2013 to Current

North Chicago, IL				                     	

Software QA Tester 



Project: NuGenesis Vision 



Support validation efforts and deliverables for projects requiring validation of NuGenesis Web based Application for AbbVie.

NuGenesis is Scientific Data Management System (SDMS) that works as central repository system for scientific data generated in Abbvie.

Understand and interpret technical and functional requirements of the project to facilitate testing process. 

Participated in Test Planning to define the scope of the project, various components and its functionality, types of testing to be performed and acceptance criteria.

Written detailed Test Cases for NuGenesis (web application) by identify functions that the software is expected to perform.

Created input data based on the function’s specifications, determined the output based on the requirements. 

Executed the test cases and compared the actual and expected outputs against acceptance criteria.

Written detailed Test Cases for SDMS helper (client based application) and created input data to validate metadata tags values generated by SDMS helper application and corresponds to NuGenesis web application. 

Created detailed bug reports in JIRA which includes description, screen shots and steps to reproduce (STR) for developer to easily understand the bug. 

Performed Regression Testing to insure that enhancement or defect fix does not affect any other functionality of the software.

Performed System Integration Testing (SIT) & ICAT (Internal Client Acceptance Testing) per requirements to insure that software performs as per requirements. 

Co-ordinate and work closely with the IT Compliance team to resolve issues. Mentoring testers and developers on test standards.



Project: Injection Tracker (Humira) Mobile Application 



Support validation and deliverable for Injection Tracker Mobile Application for Humira. 

Injection Tracker Mobile Application for Humira can turn any smart phone into smart injection reminder alarm, set to your prescribed schedule and dosage. 

Wrote test plans alongside with QA Lead, written and executed detailed test cases for manual testing.

Provided UAT testing support to business team.

Used JIRA as Defect Tracking Tool

Used Jenkins as deployment tool and GitHub as build repository. 

Worked on multiple devices like IOS (iphone, ipad for different ios versions), Android (phone, tab)

Coordinating with Dev-Team regarding the defect fixes and tag schedules.





Project: Citrix Thermo LIMS Sample Manager 



Sample Manager Thermo LIMS (Laboratory Information Management System) is client based application which stores scientific data produced during R&D, Quality and Manufacturing testing.

Supported multiple builds of Thermo LIMS project and Validate and verify applications functionality and performance of system.

Written and Executed Test Protocols using standards and user interface design 

Developed comprehensive test conditions and test cases for highly complex information systems

Develop and Prepare software test plans, Create, Compose, and Edit written materials

Written detailed Test Cases for client based application and created input data specific to validate scientific calculations integrated within software.  

Performed Functional, Smoke, System Integration, Regression, and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).

Extensively used Thermo LIMS application in different environments like QA, Dev and Prod.

Developed test cases to log the sample, assign test schedules, data entry and verification process for the Thermo LIMS software. 

Created detailed bug reports in Quality Center which includes description, screen shots and steps to reproduce (STR) for developer to easily understand the bug. 

Creating and executing SQL queries to perform extraction, translation and loading of client data.

Involved in UAT and Production support for defect tracking 

Performing and mentoring the team during Functional, GUI, System, Regression and Re-testing       



Abbott Laboratories 

Abbott Park, IL									May 2008 to Jan 2013

Sr. Lab Analyst

Implemented and executed validation/qualification protocols as part of instrument qualification packet in Lab OPS division. 

Worked with the instrument vendor to communicate the standards in software, OS and database required for AbbVie, upgrade and connect any instruments to the network.

Provided oversight and communicate any Business need and would task to find/identify funding for any equipment purchases, licenses and vendor support.

Performed instruments setup for data backup and archival, part11/annex11, user authentication to active directory.

Identify the proper activities and actions required to ensure data integrity including execution of risk assessments.

Represent Lab OPS division for IT Tech support during internal audits.	

Abbott Laboratories									Sep 2007 to Feb 2008

Abbott Park, IL 

Validation Specialist

Created Utilization Lists by reviewing Test Method Validation or Process Validation of Standard Procedures. Utilization lists are a listing of documents that utilize a given Validated Process or Test Method.

Implemented Database for the VQG (Validation Quality Group) which was used to store data from Utilization lists.

Performed Test Method Validation by following Master Validation Protocol on various instruments like HPLC and GC.

Worked in a team which involved verification of coworkers’ utilization lists.

Used various applications such as DMS (Document Management System), DRS (Document Review Sheet.), and ELN (Electronic Laboratory Notebook.)



Education



BS in Chemistry from Northeastern Illinois University, IL - 2008\n
Kevin Maurice Kinloch

Philadelphia, PA 

Skype ID – kmkinloch50

kmkinloch50@yahoo.com

https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevin-kinloch-21728515

443 764-3582 (Cell)



Experience and Qualification Highlights

Sr. Software Engineer with approximately 16+ years’ experience specifically 8 years in IDM (Sun IDM, Oracle IDM, SailPoint, CA IDM), 10 years doing RBAC mining, Project Manager for 8 years using Agile Scrum, CMMI, & ITIL, 10 years of experience working with UNIX, 6 years developing Portal and Portlets with Liferay or WebCenter Portal 11g, WebCenter UCM 11g, & WebCenter Sites 11g; 16 years’ experience with Java, J2EE, C#, and C++. 

JSF/ADF developer for 8 years with MyFace, Richfaces, or Primefaces.  I have developed web application using JSF 2.0 framework for major companies like Verizon and Center for Medicate and Medicaid. I have added jQuery, REST, AJAX, DOJO, JPA, and Spring in my development technology stack.

Experienced with Node.js, Angular.js. Bootstrap, IVY, SCALA, Spring ROO & Security, Jenkins, Hudson, ANT, SonarQube, ArtiFactory, Gradle.

Extensive experience working with WebSphere, WebLogic, Tomcat, MQ Series, OOP, OOA, Design Pattern, Agile, Section 508 compliance, PCI, SOX, and RUP.

MCP, a Sun Certified Java Programmer, and has worked Oracle PL/SQL for 11 years.  

Served as a Software Architect for 6 years.

Data architect, data modeling, architect, enterprise, Oracle, TimesTen, methodologies, real-time, OSS, BSS, logical design, Oracle Enterprise User Security, physical, data architect, ETL tools, Informatica & DataStage, design, models, telecommunications, high throughput, low latency, 

Industry experience includes transportation, financial, insurance, retail, telecommunications, and medical.  

Installing, configuring, and customizing Hyperion 

Identity Manager developer with OIM, OID, OIG, OAM, OAAM, OES, OIF, OVD, & OEM, ODSEE LDAP, OUD, OVD, Design Console, AWS, EC2, OBIEE, BI Publish, Virtualization with BPEL, BPM

Specialized in Oracle 11g middleware languages, installation, customization, development that is stated in the above bullet point.

Oracle Identity Manager developer, customization, workflows using BPEL, branding OIM and WebLogic. 

Sun identity manager, Xpress, Rules, Workflows, Forms, Access Manager, OpenSSO, RBAC

IBM Tivoli Identity Manager, TAM, and Tivoli Directory Server, LDAP, Federation, and WebSphere.

Possesses the ability to effectively deal with all levels of individuals in an organization to gather requirements, communicate changes or train users.

Displayed an excellent record of accomplishment of delivering high quality results on time and under budget.  

Highly organized and dedicated to his work and possesses strong analytical skills with a great attention to detail.  

Able to work both independently and in a team-based atmosphere while being self-motivated and effective at multitasking.

SailPoint IIQ, Deployment, Configuration, Customization, and Development 













Technical Areas



Java/J2EE, JDBC, JavaScript, JQuery, Java Bean, JBE, JAXP, JDBC, Struts, JMS, JNDI, JTA, IBM 30XX, Window 2000, Window XP, Window NTRUP, Agile, Design Pattern, Anti-pattern, OOP, OOA, OOD, WSAD, WAS, CRM, Eclipse, ANT, JUNIT, MS Project Oracle 9i & 10g COBOL, DB2/SQL, CICS, VSAMRS/6000WebSphere, WebLogic, MQ Series, SQL Server 2000 & 2005Visual Basic 6, VBScript, AS/400CL, DB2 UDB C, C++, C#, Sun WorkStation, Windows XPVI & VIM Editor, IMS DBSAP FI, MM, PP, PS, PM, SD, HRPL/SQL, SQLIBM PC and PC COMPATIBLESTOAD, Liferay, Rapid  SQL 7.4 , File-Aid, CSS, Sybase, Cobol, Cobol II, MF Cobol, MF Revolve Environments, Erwin, CICS, MQ Series, Microsoft Windows, FTP/NDM, PERL, Shell scripting, UNIX/AIX, Solaris, Suse Linux, Visio, Ruby & Rail, Groovy, Flex, Ajax (knowledge)PowerPoint, HTML, DHTML, XML, XSLT, HTMLDB, DOM, SAX, SOAP, Lotus Notes, ERP, JAXM, JAXR, JAF, JSF, AJAX, ICE Faces, Java Mail, Struts, JBoss Seam Hibernate, Spring, Toplink, IBATIS, Velocity ,Window 2000, Window XP, Window NT, Rational ClearQuest, ClearCase, XMLSPY, Sun Identity Manager, Oracle Identity Manager, Unix, Solaris, Red Hat Window NT, SOA, ESB, WordPress

		

Training



Recent Oracle OIM/OAM/ADF Development Trained (6 year of experience)

Oracle Identity Manager 11g R2 PS2 & PS3

Oracle Access Manager    11gR2 PS2 & PS3

Oracle BI Publish               11gR2 PS2 & PS3

Oracle Identity Governance 11g R2 PS2 & PS3

Oracle Virtual Directory   

Oracle Unified Directory

Oracle Internet Directory 

ORACLE DIRECTORY SERVER ENTERPRISE EDITION

OPSS, OPMN, ODSM, OPAM, Virtual Keyboard 

Design Console

Oracle Identity Governance Suite

rms, IT resources installed, roles, bulk loading



Recent SailPoint Identity IQ 6.3 (4 years of experience)

Install IIQ 

Create Cubes for Identity, Mangers, Correlations

Rules for connectors configurations

Filter Strings, Access Certifications

Tasks and Data Export

Custom Tasks Creation 

BeanShell

Java

Roles, Entitlements

IIQ Console, API, Population, and Workgroups

Life Cycle Manager

Provisioning









Training 

	CISSP trained 

	ISIM 6.0 training June 2, 2016

	AWS Solution Architect Certification

	Core Java 7.0 Exam 

	Microsoft Forefront Identity Manager 

	Microsoft Azure  

	

	

	Positions Held

04/2016 – Present

Thomas Jefferson University and Hospitals/Calibro Philadelphia, PA

 Solution Architect/Sr. Software Engineer/IAM Developer 

Developing, customizing, and maintaining IBM Tivoli Identity Manager, TAM,  and Tivoli Directory Server, LDAP, TFIM, ISAM, ISIM, WS-Federation, and WebSphere with a UDB DB2

Decommissioning Sun IDM resources, report, RBAC, Connectors and gateway

Coding and monitoring in Java, J2ee, JavaScript, Spring, SOAP, AD, Sun Directory Server, PeopleSoft, Window Server, Linux, SAML, X.509, etc.

Installing, configuring, and customizing Hyperion 

Confirming to SOX, HIPPA, FERPA and PCI regulations

Using the OOTB connector AD, Oracle, Cassandra, Hadoop, Unix, Linux

Developing in Java, J2EE, JavaScript, Angular.js 2, dojo.js, Perl, Python, Perl, jquery.js, Solr Lucence, Hadoop, Yarn, Pig, Hive, Cassandra, AWS, 

Technology used resource is PeopleSoft with application provisioning in AD, JDBC, Cassandra, Node.js, Ext.js, Augular.js, Spring, Solaris, Oracle 11G database, etc.

Creating SaaS to AWS Services EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, SQS, Cloud Watch, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route 53, putty, DynamoDB, Workspace, etc.…

Utilizing Spring Cloud, KornShell, Bash, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring IOC and Spring MVC, Groovy, SDKMAN, Putty, WinSCP, Spring Rest

Conforming to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI ETC...

Used Agile Scrum with TDD











08/2015 – 4/2016

Entergy/K-Tek Resourcing – Glendale, AZ

Solution Architect/Sr. Software Engineer/IAM Developer 

Developing workflows with SailPoint IIQ 6.3 using Ping Federate as the SSO in JSF, Java, JavaScript, Ext.js, Angular.js, Custom tabs, UIConfig, XML, Eclipse, Perl, Tomcat, SOAP web services, and BeanShell

Working in windows sandbox using tomcat, Interceptor, IQService, IIQ commands, Workflow, rules, polices, groups, roles, LCM Events, Certification, etc.

Installed, configured, and customized Hyperion 

Developing WebCenter Sites, WebCenter Portal and WebCenter UCM with SOA, Oracle 11g, ADF, Linux and Windows 2012

Developing OIM, OAM, OVD, OIF, DBAT, OBIEE, Angular.js 2, KornShell, bash, Spring, OOTB

Utilized the RBAC Lifecycle and implemented ABAC in the IAM System

Installing Connectors such as AD, ADFS, OID, OBIEE, OPAM, SAP, Oracle, EBS, PeopleSoft, LDAP, ICF Java connector, OIG, OID, OVD, etc.

Created SaaS to AWS Services EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, SQS, Cloud Watch, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route 53, putty, DynamoDB, Workspace, etc.…



Customized Oracle OIM PS3 11.1.2.2 & OAM, ODSEE LDAP, OAAM, Design Console, OID, OUD, OVD with ADF, BPEL, SOA, OEM, OSB, OBIEE, Python, Perl, Oracle Enterprise User Security, design console in Linux

Working with 20,000 users active and 60K inactive using VDS

Enhancing rules, aggregation. Workflows, entitlements, groups, workgroup, etc.

Using the OOTB connector AD, Oracle, Cassandra, Hadoop, Yarn, Pig, Hive, Unix, Linux, Sun IDM etc.

Using ServiceNow for ticketing system connected to IIQ

Authenticate resource is PeopleSoft with application provisioning in AD, JDBC, Cassandra, Node.js, Ext.js, Augular.js, Solaris, Oracle 11G database

Conformed to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI, SOX, Etc...

Utilized Spring Cloud, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring IOC and Spring MVC, Groovy, SDKMAN, Putty, WinSCP, Spring Rest, Cygwin

Used Agile Scrum with TDD





03/2015 – 7/2015 

AAA/ SA Technologies Inc. – Lansing, MI

 Solution   Architect/Sr. Java Developer

Customized Oracle OIM PS2 11.1.2.2 & OAM, ODSEE LDAP, OAAM, Design Console, OIG, OID, OUD, OVD with ADF, BPEL, Python, Perl, SOA, OSB, OBIEE, design console in Linux.

Developed Java classes, XML, Spring, KornShell, bash, and Plugins to customize OIM. 

Gathered requirements and creating business for HIPAA/SOA and technical documentation

Installed Connectors such as AD, ADFS, OID, OPAM, SAP, Oracle, EBS, Angular.js 2, PeopleSoft, LDAP, ICF Java connector, OIG, OID, OVD, etc.

Utilized the RBAC Lifecycle and implemented ABAC in the IAM System

Modified the Lookup.OU, Lookup.UM, Lookup.LDS, Lookup.ActiveDirectory etc.…

Executed the Design Console to create Resource Objects, Process Objects, Reconciliation rules, extending attributes, Node.js, Solr Lucence, etc.

Executed Informatics, DataStage, PL/SQL, Hadoop, Yarn, Pig, Hive, Cassandra, SPOOL, ETL tools etc...

Converted from Sun IDM in production to OIM and add a TAM LDAP Java plugin.

TAM configuration and monitored

Configured, and customized Hyperion 

Developed Forms, and customized OIM UI in ADF and SOA workflows in BPEL/BPM.

Created Java code for Transformation, Plugins, Schedule Tasks, OBIEE, etc.

Created SaaS to AWS Services EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, SQS, Cloud Watch, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route 53, putty, DynamoDB, Workspace, etc.

Utilized Spring Cloud, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring IOC and Spring MVC, Groovy, SDKMAN, Putty, WinSCP, Spring Rest, Cygwin

Conformed to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI, SOX, Etc...

Used Agile Scrum with TDD





10/2014 – 03/2015

Cox/ Pyramid Consulting, Inc. – Atlanta, GA

Solution Architect/ Sr. Java Developer

Customized Oracle OIM PS2 11.1.2.2 & OAM, ODSEE LDAP, OAAM, Design Console, OID, OUD, OVD with ADF, BPEL, SOA, OID, OIG, OSB, OBIEE, Solr Lucence, Python, Perl, design console in Linux.

Created roles, groups, organizations, permissions for the access of those pages.

Developed Java classes, XML, Spring, and Plugins to customize OIM. 

BI Publishing designing.

Executed Informatics, DataStage, PL/SQL, Perl, Hadoop, Yarn, Pig, Hive, Cassandra, SPOOL, ETL tools etc...

Deployed OUD, OVD, OID, ODSE, connection to the following: OBIEE, PeopleSoft, SAP, Node.js, Oracle EBS, Cassandra, and AD. 

Designed Java/J2EE APIs to do provisioning, de-provision, disabling, and updating users.

Created DBAT, GTC, ADFS, using Oracle connectors, Form design, Bulk loading user and roles etc.

Created certification processes and workflow with SailPoint IIQ 6.3 in Java, JSF, KornShell, bash, and BeanShell.

Designed SOA application using Perl, BPEL ADF, BPMN, BPM, Rules, Access Policies, Organization, RBAC Oracle Enterprise User Security, etc.

Conformed to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI, SOX, Etc.

Utilized the RBAC Lifecycle and implemented ABAC in the IAM System

Created SaaS to AWS Services EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, SQS, Cloud Watch, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route 53, putty, DynamoDB, Workspace, etc.

Utilized Spring Cloud, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring IOC and Spring MVC, Groovy, SDKMAN, Putty, WinSCP, Spring Rest, Cygwin

Used Agile Scrum with TDD





04/14 – 10/2014

Symantec/Talent Logic – Columbia, MD

Solution Architect/Sr. Software Engineer

Developed Java/J2EE applications using REST, JSON, Angular.js, Node.JS, SQL Server 2005 & 2008, POJO, MVC, AWS, EC2, Cloud computing, and Spring DI & MVC Etc.… 

Used the Eclipse IDE, Virtualization, VMWare, TestNG, JAVA 7 with Generics, Maven, Ant, Jenkins, Perforce, Rest API, ADF/ JSF, Spring, WebCenter, OID, OVD, SOA, OSB, OBIEE, BPM, BPEL, BPMN, Oracle database 11g, BAM, BI Publishing, Oracle Enterprise User Security

 Liferay 6.0 WCM used for creating a CMS to create site pages  

Creating roles, groups, organizations, permissions for the access of those pages

Designed, developed, Unit testing through SDLC

Technologies used: JSF 3.0, Tomcat 7.0, Icefaces JSF framework, XML, MYSQL, database, Java 5.0, Spring IOC, Hibernate 3.0, Python, Service Builder

Executed Informatics, DataStage, PL/SQL, Hadoop, KornShell, bash, Yarn, Pig, Hive, Cassandra, SPOOL, ETL tools etc...

Completely designed the wireframes based on Icefaces JSF template

 Developed events management system including custom calendars

Development and Enhancements in SailPoint IIQ 6.X with workflow, Perl, Python, beanshell, rules etc.… 

Gathered requirements and creating business and technical documentation

Configured, and customized Hyperion 

Utilized the RBAC Lifecycle and implemented ABAC in the IAM System

Conformed to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI, SOX, Etc...

Created SaaS to AWS Services EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, SQS, Cloud Watch, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route 53, putty, DynamoDB, Workspace, etc.

Utilized Spring Cloud, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring IOC and Spring MVC, Groovy, SDKMAN, Putty, WinSCP, Spring Rest, Cygwin

Used Agile Scrum with TDD

















01/13 – 04/14

WellPoint Incorporation/UST-Global – Mason, Ohio

Solution Architect/Team Lead/PM 

SUN Identity Manager System 8.1, Role Manager (OIA), Role Finder, QCare, Shibboleth, and with CA Siteminder

Gathering requirements and creating business for HIPAA/SOA and technical documentation

Developed architecture design in VISO, DOJO, Data Conversion using Stored Procedures and triggers for Oracle and UDB DB2 9.2, MS Project, SQL Server 2005, and Word

Developing languages Java, J2EE, JSP, JSF, Spring, Hibernate, SailPoint, Spring, Struts, BPEL, SOA, OSB, REST, SOAP, Eclipse Juno and JDeveloper IDE, Design Patterns, UML, SVN, Hudson, PERL, PL/SQL

Using MVC, Singleton, Services, JMS, Ilog, Jrules, Python, ADFS, Perl, ESB/OSB, Xpath, XQuery, CSS, HTML5, ADF 

SUN IDM certified: SSO, Authentication, Authorization, Federation, SPML, complete knowledge and experience with the IDM suite

Developed using Node.js, Angular.js. Bootstrap, IVY, SCALA, Hadoop, KornShell, bash,  Yarn, Pig, Hive, Cassandra, Spring ROO & Security, Jenkins, Hudson, ANT, Sonar Qube, ArtiFactory, Gradle, AWS, EC2 

Developed Java classes, XML, and Plugins to customize OIM 

Developed Oracle ADF, EO, VO, LOV, Java/JEE, Data Control, JDeveloper, Taskflow (Bound and Unbound), Spring (DI, AOP, MVC), Hibernate, Oracle SOA and OSB  

Customizing Oracle OIM, OAM, OIG, OAAM, WebGate, OIF, OBIEE, BI Publisher, Design Console, ODSEE LDAP, OUD, OVD with ADF, BPEL, OAAM, OES and design console

Maintenance and transition of the Sun IDM to OIM

SailPoint IIQ, Deployment, Configuration, Customization, Development

Used the SUN IDM BPE tool to create Workflows, XPRESS scripts, JES, Java API, Maven, SPML, SOAP, SAML, REST, SOA, JAVA, J2EE, Perl, and IDM custom java packages

Project Managed of fifteen (15) people on site and offshore using MS Project with Agile Scrum Conformed to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI, SOX, Utilized the RBAC Lifecycle and implemented ABAC in the IAM System Etc...

Created SaaS to AWS Services EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, SQS, Cloud Watch, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route 53, putty, DynamoDB, Workspace, etc.

Utilized Spring Cloud, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring IOC and Spring MVC, Groovy, SDKMAN, Putty, WinSCP, Spring Rest, Cygwin

Used Agile Scrum with TDD





4/12 – 12/12

Verizon Corporation – Silver Spring, MD

Solution Architect/OIM Developer/ PM

Developed Java/J2EE applications using Oracle ADF 11g, BPM, WDLS, BPEL, MVC, EJB 3.0, JSF, Spring, AJAX, CSS, HTML, XML, XQuery, XPATH, XSL, Perl, JavaScript, Maven 2, Oracle SOA 11g, JQuery, DOJO, OSB, Oracle WebCenter 11g, Hudson, Ant, SQL and Java Servlets, WebLogic 10.3, JDBC, WLST, Python, Ext JS, SOAP, DOJO, WebCenter Portal 11g, WebCenter UCM 11g, WebCenter Sites 11g, Node.js, Angular.js. Bootstrap, Oracle Fusion Middleware, JDeveloper IDE

Customized Oracle OIM, OAM, OIG, ODSEE LDAP, OAAM, Design Console, OES, OUD, OVD with ADF, BPEL, OBIEE, AWS, EC2, Python, OBIEE, design console

SailPoint IIQ, Deployment, Scala, Configuration, Customization, Development in UX, Workflow etc.…

Developed data architect, data modeling, architect, enterprise, Oracle, TimesTen, methodologies, real-time, OSS, BSS, logical design, physical, data architect, design, models, telecommunications, high throughput, low latency, Solr Lucence, KornShell, bash, WM Broker

Developed Oracle ADF, EO, VO, LOV, Data Control, JDeveloper, Taskflow (Bound and Unbound), Spring (DI, AOP, MVC), Hibernate, Oracle SOA and OSB  

Utilized the RBAC Lifecycle and implemented ABAC in the IAM System

Technologies used: JSF 3.0, Tomcat 7.0, ICEIfaces JSF framework, XML, MYSQL, database, Java 5.0, Spring IOC, Hibernate 3.0, Spring boot, Service Builder

Completely designed the wireframes based on Icefaces JSF template, SSO

Created SaaS to AWS Services EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, SQS, Cloud Watch, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route 53, putty, DynamoDB, Workspace, etc.

Developed events management system including custom calendars

Portal and portlet in Liferay 6.x, Service Builder, Perl, Puppet, GIT, REST, Architecture designed, hooks, themes, plugins

Developed BI Publishing reports for OIM, groovy, Grail, Hadoop, Yarn, Pig, Hive, Cassandra, WebLogic Administrator

Utilized Spring Cloud, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring IOC and Spring MVC, Groovy, SDKMAN, Putty, WinSCP, Spring Rest, Cygwin

Developed a system that automatically develop PL/SQL masking of database tables

Gathered requirements billing application back-end and creating business and technical documentation

Project Managed of five (5) people on site and offshore using MS Project using Agile Scrum

Conformed to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI, SOX, Etc.

Used Agile Scrum with TDD





11/11 – 4/12

Mycroft Corporation - NYC, NY

Solution Architect/Sr. Java Developer/PM

Developed Java/J2EE applications using Oracle ADF 11g, BPM, WDLS, BPEL, MVC, EJB 3.0, JSF, AJAX, CSS, HTML, XML, XSL, Spring, JavaScript, XPATH, XQUERY, Maven 2, Oracle SOA 11g, OSB, Oracle Web Center 11g, Hudson, Ant, SQL and Java Servlets, WebLogic 10.3, Query, JDBC, WLST, Python, AWS, EC2, SOAP, Oracle UCM 11g, DOJO, KornShell, bash, Portal, Oracle Fusion Middleware, JDeveloper IDE

Accomplished Duties, Skills, & Knowledge of a Software Architect to implement IDM system

Utilized, SQL, DTS packages, Oracle, PL/SQL, Subversion, Test Director, and TOAD, JSON. Oracle Forms and Report, Groovy, WebLogic Administrator

Developed data architect, data modeling, architect, enterprise, Oracle, TimesTen, methodologies, real-time, OSS, BSS, logical design, physical, data architect, design, models, telecommunications, high throughput, low latency, and WM Broker.

Sun Identity Manager, Opens SO, SPML, Xpress, Workflow, Roles, Rules, NetBeans IDE, ActiveSync, Resource, debugged and enhancements (version used Sun IDM 5.5 to 8.1.1)  

Utilized Spring Cloud, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring IOC and Spring MVC, Groovy, SDKMAN, Putty, WinSCP, Spring Rest, Cygwin

Oracle Identity Manager -  developer, customization, workflows using BPEL, Adapters, and branding with OAM, OID, OIF, OVD, ADF, OBIEE, BI Publisher, ODSEE LDAP, Design Console, OUD, OAAM, OES, OVD, Ext JS, Scala, Python, WebCenter Portal 11g, Perl, WebCenter UCM 11g, WebCenter Sites 11g, SOA, REST.

SailPoint IIQ, Deployment, Configuration, Customization, and Development. 

IBM Tivoli Identity Manager, TAM, and Tivoli Directory Server, LDAP, TFIM, ISAM, Federation, and WebSphere.

Utilized the RBAC Lifecycle and implemented ABAC in the IAM System

Gathered requirements and created business and technical documentation.

Project Managed six (6) people on site and offshore using MS Project using Agile Scrum.

Created SaaS to AWS Services EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, SQS, Cloud Watch, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route 53, putty, DynamoDB, Workspace, etc.…

Conformed to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI, SOX, Etc...





07/11 – 11/11

Carpenter Technology/Contract   - Reading, PA

IDM Solution Architect/OIM developer

Developing Java/J2EE applications using Oracle ADF 11g, BPM, WDLS, BPEL, MVC, EJB 3.0, JSF, AJAX, CSS, HTML, XML, XSL, JavaScript, Maven 2, Oracle SOA 11g, OSB, Oracle Web Center 11g, Hudson, Ant, SQL and Java Servlets, WebLogic 10.3, JQuery, XQUERY, XPATH, JDBC, WLST, Python, SOAP, WebCenter Portal 11g, Spring, WebCenter UCM 11g, WebCenter Sites 11g, Portal, Ilog Jrules, DOJO, Oracle Fusion Middleware, JDeveloper IDE, Perl, WebLogic Administrator

Utilized Sun Directory Server, SQL, OpenSSO, Scala, SPML, KornShell, bash, DTS packages, Liferay, Service Builder, architecture design, hooks, themes, Oracle, PL/SQL, Python, Subversion, Test Director, and TOAD, REST, JSON. Oracle Forms and Report, WM Broker

Developed data architect, data modeling, architect, enterprise, Oracle, methodologies, real-time, OSS, BSS, logical design, physical, data architect, design, models, telecommunications, high throughput, low latency

Accomplished Duties, Skills, & Knowledge of a Software Architect to implement ADF 11g System

SailPoint IIQ, Deployment, Configuration, Customization, Development 

Oracle Identity Manager developer, customization, workflows using BPEL, Adapters, and branding with OAM, OID, OIG, OIF, OVD, OBIEE, BI Publisher, ADF, ODSEE, LDAP, Design Console, OUD, OAAM, OES, OVD

Gathering requirements and creating business and technical documentation

Project Managed of three (3) people onsite and offshore using MS Project using Agile Scrum

Created SaaS to AWS Services EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, SQS, Cloud Watch, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route 53, putty, DynamoDB, Workspace, etc.

Conformed to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI, SOX, Etc...





02/11 – 6/11

General Dynamics/CMS   - Baltimore, MD

IDM Solution Architect /Team Lead/PM

Developed Java/J2EE applications using Oracle ADF 11g, BPM, WDLS, BPEL, MVC, EJB 3.0, JSF, AJAX, CSS, HTML, XML, XSL, JavaScript, Maven 2, Oracle SOA 11g, JQuery, OSB, WebCenter Portal 11g, WebCenter UCM 11g, WebCenter Sites 11g, Hudson, Ant, SQL and Java Servlets, WebLogic 10.3, JDBC, WLST, Python, Spring, SOAP, Oracle UCM 11g, Portal, Oracle Fusion Middleware, JDeveloper IDE, WebLogic Administrator

Developed in OIM 11g, OEM, and OAM

Utilized Sun Directory Server, SQL, DTS packages, Oracle, PL/SQL, Subversion, Test Director, and TOAD, REST, JSON, Oracle Forms, Liferay, Service Builder, Puppet, hooks themes, plugins, architecture, and Report

Converted Sun Identity Manager 8.1.1 to Oracle Identity Manager 11g, OAM, OID, Design Console, OIF, Adapters, OVD, ODSEE LDAP, OBIEE, BI Publisher, KornShell, bash,  Perl, OAAM, OES, OUD, OV, groovy, Grail

Oracle Identity Manager developer, customization, workflows using BPEL, and branding

Requested to become the Team Leader and manage individuals (team size for 5 to 12)

Gathered requirements and creating business and technical documentation.

Conformed to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI, SOX, Etc...

Managed RBAC and ABAC

Created SaaS to AWS Services EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, SQS, Cloud Watch, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route 53, putty, DynamoDB, Workspace, etc.

Project Managed 5 people Agile Scrum



09/10 – 01/11

OCTO/Contractor   - Washington, DC

Sun/OIM IDM Solution Architect /Sr. Software Engineer/ Team Lead

Training in Oracle Identity Manager 11g, BPEL, JDeveloper 11g, Oracle UCM 11g, ADF 11g, Customization

Maintain Sun Identity Manager DC One Card System

Enhancing the Sun Identity Manager Dc One Card System using Java, J2EE, Velocity, Spring DI (DAO, LDAP), Jobs Server, Linux, Windows, Oracle Web Center 11g, Eclipse, NetBeans, Serena, Web Services, SOAP, REST, AJAX, JQuery, Spring, Python, SOA, ESB, BPM, BPEL, JSF, Oracle Forms and Report, WebLogic Administrator

Gathering requirements and creating business and technical documentation

Developed data architect, data modeling, architect, enterprise, KornShell, bash,  Oracle, TimesTen, methodologies, real-time, logical design, physical, data architect, design, models, telecommunications, high throughput, low latency

Resolving production issues with Sun IDM, Scala, Json

Developed and implemented the RBAC an ABAC 

Customized COTS products (SAP, SUN IDM, OIM, etc...)

Converted Sun Identity Manager 7.x to Oracle Identity Manager 11g, OAM/Opens SO, SPML, OID, OIG, ADF, WebCenter Portal 11g, WebCenter UCM 11g, WebCenter Sites 11g, ODSEE LDAP, OUD, OAAM, OBIEE, BI Publisher, OES, Design Console, and OVD, & OIF

Oracle Identity Manager developer, customization, workflows using BPEL, and branding

Project Managed of two people on site and offshore using MS Project using Agile Scrum

Created SaaS to AWS Services EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, SQS, Cloud Watch, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route 53, putty, DynamoDB, Workspace, etc.

Conformed to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI, SOX, Etc...









07/10 – 9/10   

2020 Corporation/Contractor - Baltimore, MD

Sun IDM Solution Architect /Sr. Software Engineer/Team Lead



SUN Identity Manager System 8.1.1 and OpenSSO to provision, update, disable, terminated user accounts, single sign-on, role-based access control and synchronization of resources.

Developed architecture design in VISO, Struts, Spring, Data Conversion using Stored Procedures and triggers for Oracle and UDB DB2 9.2, MS Project, JQuery, SQL Server 2005, and Word

SUN IDM certified: SSO, Authentication, Authorization, Federation, OpenSSO, SPML, complete knowledge and experience with the IDM suite, Velocity, JSON, WebLogic Administrator

Developed data architect, data modeling, architect, enterprise, Oracle, KornShell, bash,  TimesTen, methodologies, real-time, OSS, BSS, Scala, logical design, physical, design, models, telecommunications, high throughput, low latency

Accomplished Duties, Skills, & Knowledge of a Software Architect to implement Sun IDM System

Designed ERD schema for Oracle, REST, SOAP, Python, MS SQL Server, Hibernate, Load, unload data

IBM Tivoli Identity Manager, TAM, and Tivoli Directory Server, OBIEE, BI Publisher, LDAP, TFIM, ISAM, Federation, and WebSphere

Requested to become the Team Leader and manage individuals (team size for 5 to 12)

Customized COTS products (SAP, SUN IDM, OIM, etc...)

Project Managed of ten and mentored people on site and offshore using MS Project using Agile Scrum

Developed and implemented the RBAC an ABAC 

Created SaaS to AWS Services EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, SQS, Cloud Watch, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route 53, putty, DynamoDB, Workspace, etc.

Conformed to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI, SOX, Etc...





03/10 – 06/2010    

Anixter Corporation/Contractor – Glenview, IL

Sr. Software Engineer

Developing Java/J2EE applications using Spring MVC 2.5, Hibernate 3.0, REST, SOAP, EJB 3.0, JSF, AJAX, CSS, HTML, XML, XSL, JavaScript, Maven 2, SQL and Java Servlets, JMS, WebSphere 7.0, MyFaces, JDBC, BPEL, Oracle UCM 11g, JQuery, Oracle Web Center 11g, ADF 11g, MQ Series, BPM, DOM, SOA, OBIEE, BI Publisher, ESB, Groovy, Scala, Ext JS, SAX, Velocity, Hibernate, JSON, Oracle Forms and Report

Developed and implemented the RBAC an ABAC 

Designing UML diagrams and technical specification

Utilizing Visio, Atova, WIKI, UDB DB2 9.2, Junit, JMock, JIBX, Python, JBoss Seam, Subversion, MyEclipse

Developed data architect, data modeling, architect, enterprise, Oracle, TimesTen, methodologies, real-time, logical design, physical, data architect, design, models, telecommunications, high throughput, low latency

IBM Tivoli Identity Manager, TAM, and Tivoli Directory Server, LDAP, TFIM, ISAM, Federation, and WebSphere

Creating functional and technical specifications, development, unit testing, regression test, implementation of technical specifications and customer acceptance

Refactoring of a warehouse 3-tier application

Customized COTS products (SAP, SUN IDM, OIM, etc...)



2/08 – 03/2010     

Auto Owner Insurance Corporation/Contractor – Lansing, MI

Sr. Software Engineer/Project Manager Team Lead

Developing Java/J2EE applications using Struts MVC, C++, JSON, EJB, BPM, BPEL, OBIEE, JSP, CSS, HTML, XML, XSL, Ext JS, JavaScript, Maven 2, Liferay, Service Builder, Puppet, hook, themes, architecture, PL/SQL and Java Servlets, BPM, Scala, Spring, Service-oriented architecture (SOA), PRPC System

Designing and maintaining the rule engineer, visor diagrams for the JSP in the PEGA System BPM SOA application (PRPC)

Accomplished Duties, Skills, & Knowledge of a Software Architect to implement PEGA with Legacy Systems

PEGA System ties the legacy IBM Z/OS Insurance Application into new Web Application for the agent to sell insurance.

Using the Tomcat & RAD7 on Z/OS doing agile, Perl, J2EE, Ilog, Jrules, KornShell, bash,  JQuery, Python, EJB, JSP/JSF Facelet, Portlets, and Pagelets; JSR 168, XSLT, JSR268, Struts 2.0, JPA, Oracle UCM, Oracle Web Center, ADF, AJAX, WSLD, SOA, ESB, SOAP, COBOL, CICS, UDB DB2 8.2, WebLogic Administrator

Developed data architect, data modeling, architect, enterprise, Oracle, TimesTen, methodologies, real-time, logical design, physical, data architect, design, models, telecommunications, high throughput, low latency

Developing architecture design in VISO & ERD Schema for data conversion from DB2 and flat files to Oracle, UDB DB2/SQL, Stored Procedures and triggers for Oracle and UDB DB2 9.2, File-Aid/CS Masking and Wiki

Designed ERD schema for DB2, Load, unload data, Perl, Hibernate, Spring MVC, JBoss Seam, Spring DI/IOC, Sprint AOP, JUnit, Velocity, JMock, SDLC, JDBC, MQ Series, Project Manager, Interim DBA

Supported SUN Identity Manager System 7.1 and with Siteminder/OpenSSO, LDAP, AD, SPML, etc.

Utilized Sun Directory Server, SQL, DTS packages, Oracle, PL/SQL, Test Director, and TOAD

Creating functional and technical specifications, development, unit testing, regression test, implementation of technical specifications and customer acceptance

Requested to become the Team Leader and manage individuals (team size for 5 to 12)

Oracle Identity Manager developer, customization, workflows using BPEL, Adapters, and branding with OAM, OID, OIF, Design Console, OVD, ADF, ODSEE LDAP, OUD, OAAM, OES, OVD, Ext JS, WebCenter Portal 11g, WebCenter UCM 11g, WebCenter Sites 11g, SOA, REST

Customized COTS products (SAP, SUN IDM, OIM, etc...)

Conformed to NIST, FERPA, HIPPA, PCI, SOX, Etc...

Project Managed of ten and mentored people onsite 



11/07 – 2/08	

American Airlines/Contractor – Fort Worth, TX

IDM Developer

Resources adapter used in the pass has been Enterprise Directory, Active Directory, Oracle ERP, SAP, LDAP, AD, JMS, Ext JS, ACF, Z/OS Mainframe connectivity with RACF, Solaris, IBM AIX, Domino Gateway, Exchange, PeopleSoft, Remedy etc.…

Customized IDM using Java, JSP, Portlets, JavaScript, XML, XSL, XSLT, Struts, JDBC, Spring MVC, Spring DI/IOC, Sprint AOP, JMS, XML, SDLC, JDBC, JUnit, Python, JMock, Maven 2, Oracle 10g, UDB DB2, SQL Server 2005, PL/SQL, File-Aid/CS Mask, Hibernate, Scala, Spring, MYSQL, and Servlets

SUN Identity Manager System 7.1 and with Siteminder

Designed ERD schema for Oracle, Data Conversion, Load, unload data, spool, indexes, keys, Interim DBA

Developed data architect, data modeling, architect, enterprise, Oracle, TimesTen, methodologies, real-time, logical design, physical, data architect, design, models, telecommunications, high throughput, low latency,

IBM Tivoli Identity Manager, TAM, and Tivoli Directory Server, LDAP, TFIM, ISAM, Federation, and WebSphere

Designed specification using RUP, MS Project, and Agile methodology with UML diagrams

Utilized Sun Directory Server, SQL, DTS packages, Oracle, PL/SQL, Test Director, and TOAD

Designed a cluster WebSphere J2EE production LAB include servers, proxy, load balancers

Installed Tomcat & WebSphere, Java, SUSE Linux, LDAP Server, XML, Perl, Application Servers, and Sun IDM

Customized COTS products (SAP, SUN IDM, OIM, etc.)



2/07 – 11/07	

Laurus Technologies – Itasca, IL

SUN/OIM IDM Developer

SUN Identity Manager System to (IDM 5.5 to 7.1) and Access Manager to provision, update, disable, terminated user accounts, single sign-on, role-based access control and synchronization of resources.

Created organizations, Attestation, assigning resources adapters, rules and roles for the users, design customized forms and reports for data entry and approvals use the BPE tool

Implemented/Developed large scale IDM projects at United Airline Corporation (seeding of 300,000 users), Discover Corporation (seeding of 160,000 users), McDonald Corporation, and Harper College (seeding of over 1000 users) using Tomcat/Sun Application Server and Oracle 10g

Developed architecture design in VISO, Data Conversion using Stored Procedures and triggers for Oracle and UDB DB2 9.2, MS Project, SQL Server 2005, and Word

SUN IDM certified: SSO, Authentication, Authorization, Federation, SPML, complete knowledge and experience with the IDM suite

IBM Tivoli Identity Manager, TAM, and Tivoli Directory Server, LDAP, Federation, and WebSphere

Designed ERD schema for Oracle, MS SQL Server, Oracle UCM, Scala, Hibernate, Load, unload data, spool, indexes, keys, Interim DBA

Utilized Sun Directory Server, SQL, DTS packages, Oracle, PL/SQL, Test Director, and TOAD

Resources adapter assigned/build to a user in the pass has been Enterprise Directory, Active Directory, Oracle ERP, SAP, RedHat Linux, LDAP, Mainframe connectivity with RACF, Solaris, IBM AIX, Domino Gateway, Exchange, PeopleSoft, Remedy etc.…

Used RUP and AGILE SDLC methodology with UML diagrams

Used the SUN IDM BPE tool to create Workflows, XPRESS scripts, JES, Java API, Maven, SPML, and IDM custom java packages

Customized IDM using JavaScript, JMS, Java, JSP, Struts, Spring MVC, Spring DI/IOC, Sprint AOP, Maven 2, JUnit, JMock, JDBC, MVC, JMS, XML, SOA, ESB, BPM, BPEL, Oracle PL/SQL, UDB DB2, MYSQL, File-Aid/CS mask, Perl, and Servlets

Requested to become the Team Leader and manage individuals (team size for 5 to 12)

Customized COTS products (SAP, SUN IDM, OIM, etc.)



9/05 – 02/07	

DeVry Corporation – Oak Brook, IL

Sun Developer/Team Lead

Oracle Student System Front-end Web Portal for DeVry and Keller students

Developed and maintaining web application in J2EE, JSP, XML, Struts, and WebSphere

Using Rational ClearCase, Rational ClearQuest, XMLSPY, Perl, and Mainframe

Accomplished Duties, Skills, & Knowledge of a Software Architect to implement SOA System

SDLC, SOX, FREPA, HTMLDB, Oracle UCM, Oracle Web Center, BPEL, SOA, ESB, Portlets, File-Aid/CS mask, Test Director

Used RUP, MS Project, and AGILE SDLC methodology

Developed EDI and encryption/decryption using FTP & PGP for internal and external clients such as Sally Mae, FAFSA, DeVry campuses, etc...

Migrated from Solaris to RedHat Linux with Shell scripting.

Customized COTS products (SAP, SUN IDM, OIM, etc.)

Created new RBAC

Developed C++/Java/J2EE applications using Struts MVC, Spring MVC, Spring DI, Spring AOP, Maven 2, JUnit, JMock, SDLC, EJB 2.0 & 3.0, Perl, BPM, BPEL, Hibernate, JSP, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, and Java Servlets.

Used WAS, WSAD, Design Patterns, Struts Tiles, full web services development applications, JSP pages using Java Bean components, Store Procedures, Trigger in PL/SQL, and XML.

Utilized Sun Directory Server, SQL, DTS packages, Oracle, PL/SQL, JBoss Seam, Test Director, and TOAD.

Used the SUN IDM BPE tool to create Workflows, XPRESS scripts, JES, Java API, SPML, and IDM custom java packages.

Designed ERD schema for Oracle, Data Conversion, Load, unload data, spool, indexes, keys, Interim DBA.

Maintained and enhanced a CRM and SAP system.

Maintained SUN Identity Manager System to (IDM) and Access Manager to provision, update, disable, terminated user accounts, single sign-on, role-based access control and synchronization of resources (over 10000 plus users).

Compiled and test using ANT, Eclipse & JUNIT.

Requested to become the Team Leader and manage individuals (team size for 5 to 12).

Used the Tomcat & WebSphere Application Server on the AS/400 iSeries, Z/OS COBOL, CICS, DB2 Conversion, Congo’s, Solaris 9, Window NT, Window XP.

Project Managed of five and mentored people onsite using MS Project and Agile Scrum. 



06/05 – 9/05 	

Liberty Mutual Insurance/Contractor – Indianapolis, IN

Senior Programmer Analyst - Consultant

Developing and maintaining web application in J2EE, JSP, XML, Struts, Spring, and WebSphere

Using Rational ClearCase, Rational ClearQuest, XMLSPY, and Mainframe MVS, DB2, COBOL

Insurance Web application in Personal Casualty and Claims for home and auto

Developing EDI to upload insurance applications and return quote.

Developed Java/J2EE applications using Struts MVC, EJB, JSP, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, PL/SQL and Java Servlets.

IBM Tivoli Identity Manager, TAM, and Tivoli Directory Server, LDAP, TFIM, ISAM, Federation, and WebSphere

Used WSAD, design patterns, struts Tiles, full web server’s development application, JSP pages using Java Bean components, and XML

Used RUP and AGILE SDLC methodology

Compiled and tested using ANT, Eclipse & JUNIT



10/04 – 06/05	

Northern Trust Bank Chicago/Contractor, Illinois

Senior Programmer Analyst - Consultant

Creating functional and technical specifications, coding, testing, implementation, and customer acceptance of technical and functional specifications

Developed and maintained The International and Global Profile System with JSP, EJB, Java Servlets, COBOL, CICS, and DB2/SQL

Developed Java/J2EE applications using Struts MVC, EJB, JSP, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, and Java Servlets

Maintaining and enhancing Unix shell scripts

Developing EDI using FTP from Windows to MVS

Data encryption and decryption on both sides of the platform

Physical design of databases, SQL code review for performance, implemented database objects from development through production, development of triggers and stored procedures.

Used RUP, Rational ClearQuest, and AGILE SDLC methodology

Compiling and testing using ANT, Eclipse, Test Director, & JUNIT



09/04 – 10/04	

Walgreen’s & Co/Contractor      Deerfield, Illinois

Sr. Programmer Analyst- Consultant

Analysis of Java/J2EE coding, C++, Unix shell scripts, EDI with FTP, Perl, and Oracle 9g

Analysis of Mainframe COBOL programs, JCL Jobs, PROCs, Documentation, and training of a Walgreen employee.

Fixed data loss problem and documented improvement needed

Used RUP, MS Project, and AGILE SDLC methodology

Requested to become the Team Leader and manage individuals (team size for 5 to 12)

Compiling and testing using ANT, Eclipse & JUNIT



06/04 – 07/04	

Principal Financial Group/Contractor   Des Moines, Iowa

Sr. Programmer Analyst - Consultant

Created functional and technical specifications, coding, testing, and implementation of technical specifications.

Developed of a Small to Medium Business Broker/Agent (SMB) system.

Created functional specifications, technical design, unit testing, regression testing, and customer acceptance.

Developed Java/J2EE applications using Struts MVC, EJB, JSP, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, and Java Servlets

Physical design of databases, modifying the DB2 Database, PL/ SQL code review for performance, and implemented database objects from development through production and development of triggers and stored procedures.

Used RUP, Rational ClearQuest, and AGILE SDLC methodology

Compiled and tested using ANT, Eclipse & JUNIT



12/03 – 04/04	

State Farm insurance/Contractor           Bloomington, Illinois

System Programmer Analyst - Consultant

Development of a Computer Security Application (CSA).

Creating functional and technical specifications, development, unit testing, regression test, implementation of technical specifications and customer acceptance.

EDI Data encryption and decryption on both sides of the platform MVS, Java, and VB6.

Physical design of databases, SQL code review for performance, implemented database objects from development through production, development of triggers and stored procedures.

Used RUP and AGILE SDLC methodology

Developed Java/J2EE applications using Struts MVC, EJB, JSP, PL/SQL, Perl, and Java Servlets

Compiled and tested using ANT, Eclipse & JUNIT



10/03 – 12/03	

Independent Blue Cross/Contractor     Philadelphia, PA

System Programmer Analyst - Consultant



Created functional and technical specifications, coded, tested and implementation of technical specifications.

Responsible for the development, monitoring, upgrade, installation of DB2 and tuning of a large scaled database in DB2.

Ensure availability, recovery, and performance of production databases.

Physical design of databases, SQL code review for performance, implemented database objects from development through production, development of triggers and stored procedures.

Analyzed application operating characteristics and balance database usage across processors.

Developed Java/J2EE applications using Struts MVC, EJB, JSP, PL/SQL and Java Servlets



04/03 – 10/03	

Verizon/Contractor 	-    Philadelphia, PA

Sr. Programmer Analyst 

Created functional and technical specifications, coded, tested and implementation of technical specifications.

Responsible for the development of a Computing Systems Architecture (CSA) coding.

Functionality of the Computing Systems Architecture: This is Verizon's 2-tier business application that allows a sales representative to sell and maintain all Verizon's telephone services.

EDI transferring from Java Swing GUI to the Mainframe and external companies.

Physical design of databases, SQL code review for performance, implemented database objects from development through production.

Analyzed application operating characteristics and balance database usage across processors.

Developed Java/J2EE applications using Struts MVC, MQ Series, Perl, EJB, JSP, CSS, HTML, PL/SQL, JavaScript, and Java Servlets

Compiled and tested using ANT, Eclipse & JUNIT



09/00 – 04/03	 

Chase /Princeton Information Newark, Delaware

Sr. Programmer Analyst - Consultant

Created functional and technical specifications, coded, tested, and implemented the technical specifications.

Responsible for the development of a Private Bank Financial System (PBIS) coding in a Private Banking Information System: This is a Money Market, Accounting, Sweep, SAP, Swift, MQ Series, Payroll, and Settlements.

Compiled and tested using ANT, Eclipse & JUNIT



07/00 – 09/00	

Verizon/Algomod Technologies Corporation - NYC, NY

Sr. Programmer Analyst/DB2 DBA – Consultant

United Way Campaign System (BAPeople): The BAPeople system allows users to log in on-line an input the donation or percentage amount being given to the United Way for that year. The BAPeople system is being modified to client server system. The front-end will be on the Intranet using HTML, WebSphere, Perl, and JAVA; and, the back-end will be on the mainframe using CICS, DB2/SQL, CA7, FTP, EASYTRIEVE PLUS, MQ Series, Sybase PL/SQL, and COBOL. BAPeople will interact with the Payroll System for each employee(s) who will be donating funds.

Project Leader for the development of client/server system with hands-on coding.

Created functional and technical specifications, coded, tested and implementation of technical specifications.

Ensure availability, recovery; upgrade installation of DB2, and performance of production databases.

Physical design of databases, Erwin, MS Project, SQL code review for performance, implemented database objects from development through production, development of triggers and stored procedures.

Compiled and tested using ANT, Eclipse & JUNIT



03/00 – 06/00	

United Parcel Services - Morristown, New Jersey

Sr. Programmer Analyst

Flexible Core Billing System (FCB II): The FCB is a billing system for UPS national and international customers, which includes tracking of all UPS packages. It is a mainframe back-end system, which opens to a variety of front-end systems currently being used or developed (on-line Internet access, EDI, Gentran, etc.).

Created functional and technical specifications, coded, tested, and implemented the technical specifications.



Technical Training or Certifications:





Sun Certified Java Programmer

ITIL Knowledge

TOGAF Knowledge

MS Project Knowledge

Agile Scrum Knowledge

OIM, OAM, ADF, SOA, BPEL, WebCenter Portal 11g, WebCenter UCM 11g, and WebCenter Sites 11g Training from www.focusthread.com  

SUN Identity Manager Complete Class Certification

CA Identity Manager Complete Training

Oracle Identity Manager Complete Training 11R1 & 11 R2

SailPoint Identity Manager Complete Training

SailPoint IIQ, Deployment, Configuration, Customization, Development 

Online Training in the following:

Spring DI, AOP, MVC, Struts, XML, SOAP, Restful, JSON, JQuery

PL/SQL, WSDL, Oracle Database 11g, Cloud Computing,

PHP, JSF 2.0 Liferay Portal 5.6 to 6.2, Puppet, BPEL, SOA, BAM, ESB, OSB,

HTML5, CCS3, Android, Maven, JavaScript, Hibernate,

C/C++/C#, Python, Agile Scrum, LDAP, ADF, WebCenter Portal,

WebCenter Spaces, OEM, OES, SAML GIT

 Tivoli Access Manager for e-business 5.1/6.x 

IBM Tivoli Identity Manager version 4.6/5.0

IBM Tivoli Federated Identity Manager 6.x.x 

IBM WebSphere Application Server 6.1/7.0/8.0 

IBM Tivoli Directory Server 5.2/6.x

Ext JS

MicroTrain Training: MCSA, MCSE, MCSIT   Completion (12/2009)

Active Directory, LDAP, DCHP Server

Liferay 5 & 6, Ext. plugins, Hooks, Themes, MVC Portal, Service Wrapper

IBM WebSphere Portal, Java Portlet API, CAS, SSO, RBAC

Spring Portal MVC, Apache Directory Server

Active Directory Application Mode

Window Server 2003

Big Data, MongoDB, NoSQL, Hadoop, Yarn, Pig, Hive Cassandra training 

Environment Management and Maintenance



Education:



05/2012

DePaul University Graduate School – Chicago, Illinois

Master of Science in E-Commerce Technology 



05/88

Morgan State University - Baltimore, MD

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science





Oracle Training



Oracle Certification Middleware

Oracle OIM, OAM, ADF 

BPEL, BPM 

WebLogic

OUD

WebCenter Portal

WebCenter UCM





Oracle Certification Application

Hyperion 

Siebel 8.x

E-Business Suite

Page 1 of 15\n
SUMEET JESWANI
3412 Tulane Drive #013, Hyattsville, MD 20783| (+1) 301-851-9725| sumeetjeswani7@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sumeetjeswani
SUMMARY
A Telecommunications Engineering student with 3 years of experience in remote infrastructure management and networking domain
looking for Summer 2017 internship opportunities
EDUCATION
M.S. Telecommunications Engineering (Expected May 2018)
University of Maryland, College Park
Course Highlights: Network and protocols(Advanced), Network Programming in C, Distributed Systems in a Virtual environment,
Cellular Communication
B.E. Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering (Aug 2009 – Jul 2013)
University of Mumbai, India
Course Highlights: Computer Communication Networks, Data Compression and Encryption, Telecom Network Management
TECHNICAL SKILLS

OPERATING SYSTEM (Server)
OPERATING SYSTEM (Client)
MONITORING TOOLS
TICKETING TOOLS
OTHER TOOLS
SOFTWARE SKILLS
NETWORKING PROTOCOLS

Windows 2003, 2008, 2008 R2, 2012 R2,Red Hat Linux
Windows 2000, 7, XP, Vista, Ubuntu Linux
SCOM 2007 R2, SCOM 2012 SP1, SCOM 2012 R2, UIM, MRTG
SCSM, Service Now
VMware, Hyper-V, Putty, EMC Avamar
C programming, Python
RIP, EIGRP, OSPF, STP,BGP

EXPERIENCE

Student System Administrator at CATT Lab at University of Maryland (Jan 2017 – Present)
•
•
•

Administered Linux servers (CentOS and RHEL)
Designed Networks and configured network equipment
Deployed Virtual machines using VMware vSphere

Consultant at Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai, India (Nov 2013 - Jul 2016)
•
•
•
•
•

Led a team of 6 Level 1 Engineers
Handled client service requests and escalations
Worked on windows technology as a Level 2 engineer
Administered windows servers and System center operations manager
Performed monitoring and troubleshooting for a large infrastructure consisting of 1000+ servers and 500+ network devices

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
IP and Domain Dossier system (Nov 2016 – Dec 2016)
• Implemented socket programming using C and designed application on a Ubuntu Linux virtual machine which worked both
as Server and Client
• Server stored data from a database file to a linked list structure and was able to respond to queries of Client put up through
Command-line arguments
Designed an SNMP (Simple Management Networking Protocol) monitor using SNMP Library in C (Nov 2016)
• SNMP monitor is a client side application which allows monitoring of system variables presented to it in form of MIB OIDs
• Polled multiple SNMP enabled Virtual Machines running Ubuntu server gathering runtime statistics
HONORS AND ACHIEVEMNTS
• Awarded with “Best Paper Presentation” award at an international conference “VVP- ITES 2012” held at Rajkot, India
PUBLICATIONS
• Published a technical paper named “Implementation of human identification system using a multi-modal biometric approach”
in International Journal of Computer and Electronics Engineering (Print ISSN 0975-4202)

\n
Maria A. Davila



19427 Wann Park Drive, 	Houston, Texas 77073     Phone: 713-516-4764    Email: maazudavila@gmail.com

Objective

 

To obtain a challenging and diverse position at a dynamic organization where I can make a valuable contribution utilizing my experience, with potential for professional advancement and growth.

 

Education

 

2014—Foreign Language Certificate, Rice University

1996—Associates Degree, University of Houston

 

Experience

 

		04/2016-Present 	Operations Specialist 	BLDG Works USA

Conducted the day to day processing of financial transactions and collections.

Create detailed monthly reports in tracking company’s profit and loss

Maintain consistency in vendor database and set up new vendors.

Draft Agreements and New Client forms

Assist with the pre-hire screening process of new employees.

Basic Customer Service

Prepare Service Requests and Work Orders for Customers



 01/2012-01/2014 			Material Control Specialist 		DYNCorp International (Afghanistan)



Developed and implemented standard operating procedures.

Maintained and updated Tracking system for de-scoping military bases for Material\Property

Authorized Requestor and Escort for Third Country Nationals for the department

Planned, coordinated and executed property transfers and monthly inventories.

Reviewed contract documents and correspondence for internal consistency and conformance with established procedures

Conducted Internal Audits on all Material\Property being shipped throughout Afghanistan

Created detailed daily, weekly and bi-weekly reports in tracking Materials\Property received and accepted

 

		02/2011-11/2011 	Document Control Specialist 	KBR, Inc. (Iraq)

Responsible for obtaining, routing, recording, and monitoring relevant information for engineering and supplier data.

Ensured that the documents are in an accurate and recordable form.

Ensured compliance with established company policies and procedures.

Updated and maintained project document files and record keeping system.

Fulfilled the transmittals and distribution of data as directed.

Research and analyze possible solutions under standard procedures while developing advanced skills.











		01/2010-02/2011 	Legal Assistant (Contract Project) 	Chernosky, Smith, Ressling & Smith, PLLC

Responsible for obtaining relevant information for the completion of broker documents.

Researched title issues in order to propose solutions and assist in clearing title encumbrances and/or impediments.

Drafted tax suits and collection lawsuits.

Assisted attorneys with preparation for court hearings.

 

		1/2007-02/2010 	Legal Assistant 	Law Offices of J. Todd Malaise

Interviewed clients in preparation for filing bankruptcy petitions.

Drafted and filed bankruptcy pleadings.

Generated status reports keeping the attorney updated on all pending matters.

Drafted correspondence and general office duties.

Assisted attorneys with preparation for hearings.

 

		4/2006-01/2007 	Escrow Assistant 	First American Title Company

Responsible for obtaining relevant information for the completion of broker documents.

Fulfilled the title requirements for issuance of a final policy.

Researched title issues in order to propose solutions and assist in clearing title encumbrances and/or impediments.

Ensured that the documents are in an accurate and recordable form

Ensured compliance with established company policies and procedures.

Skills/Experience



SAP

Maximo

DynMRO

Subcontract Tracker/Vendor

U.S. Army PBUSE/SAMS/SARSS/MILSTRIP

AWRDS/LMP experience

OSHA experience

LOGCAP III (Logistics Civil Augmentation)

United States Department of Defense’s Logistics Civil Augmentation Program in Iraq

LOGCAP IV (Logistics Civil Augmentation)

United States Department of Defense’s Logistics Civil Augmentation Program in Northern Afghanistan

References

 

Jeannie Hovell-Cox, Attorney at Law, 832-423-9440

Kinni Flores, 281-608-3857

Tyrone Jones, Dyn Corp, 253-263-6257

Aron Fudge, E7, US Army, +82 10-7441-4290

Joshua Christopher Rhodes, 305-788-3237\n
APURVA SUKTHANKAR

4309 Rowalt Drive #202     College Park, MD 20740     240-543-1410      apurva.sukthankar@rhsmith.umd.edu

  EDUCATION

Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD

Master of Science, Focus Area: Information Systems

Student Ambassador : Smith Master Student Association (SMSA)

University of Mumbai, Mumbai, Maharashtra

Bachelor of Science, Focus Area: Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering 

Dec 2016



	May 2013

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

  

		   OPTIMAL SOLUTIONS GROUP	

		   Business Intelligence Intern, College Park, MD                                                                      June 2016 – Nov 2016 

		Interpreted survey data from primary and secondary sources using statistics in Excel, R and STATA

		Reduced delivery time by cleaning, manipulating and analyzing 70 large datasets for USAID funded projects

		Performed extraction, transformation and loading (ETL) of data resulting in effective data management

		Conducted exploratory data analysis for KPIs providing insight to senior management to make decisions

		Verified the figures in documents received against the data by number crunching and statistics

		Presented solutions to managers to process the data to enhance operational effectiveness

		Customized the programming code according to the data and updated SOPs

		Prepared specifications document for a new tool by detailed requirement elicitation from business owners

		Provided frequent inputs to improve the reports generated using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)

		Ensured quality of the packets to be delivered to client consisting of data, reports and supplementary reports

		Enhanced quality by performing end-to-end testing of all functionalities

		Successfully migrated data from Excel to in-house application (Revelo) with minimal supervision

		Successfully caught presence of Potential Identifiable Information (PII) twice in the data

		 

		   ACCENTURE                                                                                                                           

   Associate Software Engineer, India 						                        Nov 2013 – July 2015

		Independently handled the data scrubbing/cleaning tasks using T-SQL queries reducing redundancies by 20%

		Used advanced Excel functions to generate spreadsheets and pivot tables

		Designed and executed 60 test cases weekly to conduct functional, regression, DEV, SIT testing

		Performed in depth analysis of data and prepared weekly, biweekly, monthly reports using Ms Excel and SQL

		Created and maintained technical documentation for members to gain knowledge about the finance domain

  

  TECHNICAL SKILLS

Database and visualization: SQL Management Studio, MS SSIS, Tableau

Data Analysis: Advanced MSExcel, @RISK Palisade tools, Excel StatTools, R, STATA

Methodologies: SDLC, Agile, Waterfall

Testing Tools: HP Quality Center, JIRA

Tools: Balsamiq, Lucid Chart, SharePoint, Salesforce.com



 RELEVANT PROJECTS

Database Management Systems: Customer Care Center for a Bank: Built a suite that contained a working IS package that included a graphical user interface built on CRM Tool - Salesforce, a database backend built on SQL Server 2012, and a set of transactional queries.

Data Mining and Predictive Analytics - Yummly Kaggle Dataset: Handled huge volumes of classic text mining data comprising 1900+ ingredients to predict type of cuisine.  Developed a series of R codes using various machine-learning algorithms to predict the category of a dish’s cuisine given a list of ingredients.

Big Data technologies: The project involves analysis and visualization of dataset containing the Death records in the USA released by CDC using big data technologies and built dashboards in Tableau.

Business Process Analysis: The project employed AGILE methodology. As a product owner, my role was to meet the client and gather requirements. It also involved presenting the client with the stories completed and getting feedback and implementing the project accordingly.

Project Management:  Implemented various project management techniques such as Work-breakdown structure, gantt charts and risk management to ensure smooth execution of an event at the library.\n
Khadija Sarhrouchni



Experience Summary

Result-oriented professional with 10+ years of diverse experience in the field of Information Technology with the emphasis on the Quality Assurance, SIT Testing, UAT testing and Business Analysis. 

Experienced in entire QA Life Cycle, which includes Designing, Developing and Execution of the entire QA Process and Documentation of Test plans, Test Cases, Test Procedures and Test Scripts and managing user acceptance testing (UAT) by performing various types of testing e.g. System, Black Box, White Box, SaaS, Regression, 508 Compliance. 

Possesses excellent knowledge of Mercury and Rational Test Tools Suite for testing Client-Server and Web-based applications. 

Various facets of Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) like Analysis, Requirements, Development and Testing.

All aspects of testing such as GUI, Functional, Regression, System, Web-Based, Content Management, SaaS, ETL and Backend Testing.

Analysis of the Business Requirements, Specifications and Work Flow to prepare Test Plan and Test Cases.

Implementation of Testing Methodologies – Agile/Scrum, Water-fall, Hybrid 

Preparing Requirement Traceability Matrix using Rational DOORS.

Database Testing with Oracle 10g, SQL Server.

Proactively evaluating the risks and providing impact analysis along with alternate solutions to mitigate risks.

Collaborations with project stakeholders in complex testing projects for dispersed matrix management model.

Successful in achieving timely sign off during UAT/SAT by working closely with clients throughout SDLC and exceeding their expectations.

Cutting UAT time in half by setting and providing of complex data in advance for client. 



Work Experience:

	American Public University System (APUS) 	2012 – Present

	QA Analyst		 

Working on array of high visibility projects during my current tenure. Projects and my individual contributions are as follows:

Key Work Experience:

Projects:

Academic All Fails: This project will allow APUS to deter fraud of Federal Funds and improve the overall success of academic population within APUS. It was also re-coded for scalability. 

Contributions: Most of the Regression testing for scalability and new feature implementation.

Transfer Credit Business Process Management (BPM):  Complex integrations of both in-house and 3rd party systems in support of optical-scanning and processing of outside transcripts, test scores and certifications.  The successful flow of information supports the application of transfer credits from outside education to the student’s APUS academic plan.  

Contributions: Web Service Testing of complex and automated university processes via XML workflow analysis that resulted in reduced processing times for evaluators from over 3 weeks to 2 days assisting in meeting public SLA’s and reducing staff costs. 

Course Materials Management allows internal faculty the ability to manage course content with each release of the university catalogue of classes. Students can order, view course and track course material using POS delivery system.

Contributions: Backend data testing by ageing the data for simulating different semester dates scenarios.

Student Portal Redesign: The admissions application is very crucial for APUS as it is the basic application for the students who want admissions in APUS. This portal has been redesigned to improve the user experience that makes the flow as intuitive as possible; to regroup the information for a comprehensible view for the applicants; make the need for the information more apparent and to enhance credibility.

Contributions: SaaS (Software as a Service) testing of redesigned student portal, Mobile testing for I-Phone, IPAD and Android along with Web based testing.

New Book Vendor(Ed Map): Included migration and transition to the new Book Vendor, ED Map, from the current vendor MBS. 

Contributions: Data Migration and Conversion testing along with regression testing.

Faculty Intranet Systems Integration:. The project’s goals were to improve faculty access to the tools required to perform their job and relevant University information; Build a cohesive community between faculty members that encourages collaboration; Centralize content and access points to provide a positive faculty experience; Provide access to Human Resources forms and relevant employee information and enable staff to update content quickly and efficiently

Contributions: Worked as an acting QA manager to facilitate live UAT testing, Collaboration with users, QA & dev. teams including project managers.

TRA Timeline Report Application: This SSRS report will display the overall processing time for the TRA stage within the document intake portion of the ECMS Department process. 

Contributions: Reports and backend data testing  



Responsibilities: 

Used requirements documents and worked with Business Analysts, Senior QA Analysts, and other project stakeholders to develop effective test plans focusing on scope, risk, and initial sizing; subsequently refining and executing test plans as kick-off occurred and provided LOE.

Planning, development and execution of detailed test cases using QC and based  in support of Functional and Regression Testing

Responsible for driving E2E Test efforts including development of test data for UAT and SIT

Backend testing along with writing complex SQL queries to retrieve data

Effectively wrote defects and communicated issue and impact to all stakeholders 

Assisted in troubleshooting identified application and data issues to determine root cause 

Validated the SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services) reports

Worked with UAT team to create scenarios and prepare complex data for their testing

Succeeded in exporting test cases from QC to MTM (Microsoft Test Manager) 

Created, managed, configured, executed and tracked test cases using MTM and linked them to a task in TFS (Team Foundation Server)

Helped define processes and checkpoints as the organization grows and needs change 

Worked on diverse IT systems to support student services, faculty, finance and transfer credit systems departments comprised of both in-house products, enterprise services and 3rd party solutions including:

Microsoft Dynamics CRM

Metastorm BPM Solutions

Trapeze Optical Scanning and Forms Management  

Microsoft Dynamics GP

Onbase ECM Products

EdMap Content Management Software



PSS (Production System Support): 

Performed smoke, integration, functional, regression testing for weekly and biweekly patch releases 

Responsibilities included Production support activities on daily basis, such as QA Staging test in various environments DEV/TEST/STAGE/PROD before pushing to production. 

Analyzed and determined the cause of the issue found before passing it to the developer



Environment: MTM (Microsoft Test Manager), HP Quality Center, Microsoft Visual Studio (TFS), Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, HP Test Pro, DevTrack, Version One, Visual SourceSafe,  Microstrategy, Crystal Reports, SSRS Reporting,  Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft SharePoint, Enterprise, Web Services, XML, SQL Server, Windows XP, MS Project, MS Office 2012.



	Freddie Mac	2011 – 2012	

	UAT/SIT Tester  

Key Work Experience:

	Projects:

The Workout Prospector Project:  A web-based application that gives you the ability to analyze, structure, and send alternative to foreclosure recommendation to Freddie Mac electronically. 

Email notification BU/BD grid value changes Project: Changes to Buy Up / Buy Down grid values are approved through Pricing Manager Application (PMA). After approval, stakeholders are notified of changes impacting grantor and multi-lender business between Freddie Mac and industry counterparties through email functionality in PMA.

Selling System Project: A web based system that integrates all secondary marketing functions on one platform



Responsibilities: 

Involved  in both system testing and UAT testing

Analyzed the Business Requirements and created Test Strategy and Test Plan

Created detailed test cases and test scripts using QC for Functional and Regression Testing.

Responsible for driving E2E Test scenarios efforts and in identifying test data for UAT and SIT

Created RTM(Requirements Traceability Matrix) document and linked the business requirements to the test cases using Rational DOORS

Attended and provided inputs for the application development during group meetings, to analyze the progress and the deadlines.

Performed UAT and SIT test cases Walk Through review for the business team, manager and SME.

Tested MISMO XML files by creating and modifying  XML files

Created a detailed defect reports in order to duplicate the Bug explored in the application.

Handle the tasks of identifying defects and perform root cause analysis by analyzing data quality issues

Wrote queries to extract and validate the backend database for data verification using Rapid SQL.

Performed Functional, Regression and System testing over different builds and defects were reported accordingly.

Performed a Forced Browsing Testing to validate different User Roles. 

Involved in creating and modifying UNIX scripts for file transfer and file manipulation.

Educated and Trained Business team and End Users about the application and the workflow in Quality Center



Environment: HP Quality Center, Rational Clear Case, Rational Clear Quest, Rational DOORS, XML, SQL Server, UNIX, Web Services, DB2 DB, Windows XP, Java/J2EE, MS Project, HTML, Rapid SQL, MySQL, MS Office 2003.

	

	ACS, Xerox 	2005 – 2011

	QA Tester/Analyst 	 

Worked on Federal Education Dept.’s DMCS2 Replacement and DMCS2 Conversion Data Warehouse project. The Common Services for Borrowers (CSB) project is an effort by the Federal Student Aid (FSA) office of the U.S. Dpt. of Education to manage more effectively and efficiently the Federal loan program by integrating its many legacy systems. 

Key Work Experience:

	The core business processes of Borrower Services are being reengineered into the CSB solution, replacing the Direct Loan Servicing System (DLSS), Debt Management and Collections System (DMCS), Direct Loan Consolidation System (DLCS), and Conditional Disability Discharge Tracking System (CDDTS).

Front-office functions include customer relationship management (CRM)/customer interaction activities and interfaces consisting of paper correspondence, call center (universal agents) operations, an interactive voice response (IVR) system, and the CSB Web site. Back-office functions include data management, transaction processing, payment processing, fulfillment, document management, debt recovery and resolution, portfolio and risk management, performance management, program management, and the resources required to support these activities.

		Participated in Business Requirements review, Functional Requirements review, Detailed Design Document, Transformation rules review, Logical Data Model review, Source to Target Mapping review, and Data Dictionary review meetings. Validated the source/target mapping document, transformation rules applied, and any derivation logic. Wrote SQL/PLSQL scripts to validate the backend data and reports generated.

		Involved in writing the Test Plans, writing Test Scripts and Test Cases, provide Test Status Reports and Defect Status Reports to the team. 

		Performed 508 Compliance Testing on web applications and various COTS and in house products using JAWS.

		Involved in System Testing, Regression Testing, System Integration Testing, Functional Testing, and other testing activities. The system testing and regression testing involves validating all the business and technical requirements for each scenario in the data set. Validation including verifying the data source and target data tables based on requirements, and rules. ClearQuest is used to log all the defects. Validated and verified the reports generated using Titanium Tool (Web Based).

		

Environment: Consisted of Rational Tools -Clear Quest, Clear Case, Test Manager& Functional tester, JAWS (508 Compliance), Java, Java Script, Spring, Struts 2.0, Hibernate, JPA, Spring Security, Axis(Web Service), Pervasive( ETLs), SQL Server 8.0, Titanium (COTS), QTP and Agile methodology.



Skills:

Programming Languages:	Java Script, SQL, HTML, XML

Database Tools:   	MS Access, MS SQL Server, Oracle 

Web Master Programming: 	SQL, ASP, JavaScript, PHP

Web Developer Programming:	HTML, Web Authoring, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Fireworks, Flash.

	Testing Tools:	TOAD, Rapid SQL, SQL PLUS, Load-Runner, Quick Test Professional, Informatica, PuTTY, Rational DOORS, Rational Requisite-Pro, Quality Center, Rational Clear Quest, OBIEE Reporting tool  	

Tools:   	MS Office, ORACLE Forms, RPT, Share Point (MS), VSS, TFS, SOAP Scope, SharePoint.

Quality Assurance Tools:   	Quality Center  9.2, Test track, Team track, PVCS, Silk Radar,  APEX Rational, Lotus Notes, Rational test suite- Clear Quest, Test Manager, RequistePro, Functional Tester, Test Director, Silk Plan Pro,  SILK test,  Load Runner, HTTP  Analyzer, Win Runner, Silk Performer, QA partner, JavaSpec with ActiveX Packager, Jira, Selenium, Jaws.

Operating Systems: 	Windows (Vista, XP, 2000, 2003, 2007), UNIX, LINUX



Education:

BSCS Program, Information Technology

Strayer University



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Khadija Sarhrouchni	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 5\n
Key Person

luther mcGinty

Proposed Position

project manager, soa soluation architect, principcal consultant 





Education

Bachelor of Science in Integrated Science & Technology-Biotechnology,

James Madison University

Certificates/ Certifications

Oracle SOA Certified Implementation Specialist

Certified MySQL Associate

Pentaho Business Analytics Certified Professional

Oracle Waveset (formerly Sun Identity Manager)

Project Management Professional (PMP)

Certified Scrum Master (CSM)

Knowledge, Skills, Specializations

Specializations: Service Oriented Architecture, Enterprise Application Integration, Enterprise Strategic Planning, Middleware Solutions, Middleware Systems Installation and Administration, Object Oriented Analysis, Java/J2EE Design and Development, Data Warehousing and Analytics Architecture, Business Analytics Solutions

Technologies: Oracle SOA Suite 11g, Oracle Enterprise Service Bus, JBoss SOA Platform, JCAPS 6.0, ICAN 5.1.x, eGate 4.5.x, Informatica, Pentaho Data Integration (Kettle), Oracle Warehouse Builder, Oracle Waveset, Oracle Coherence (Tangosol), Infinispan, Oracle Business Intelligence EE, Pentaho Business Analytics Platform, Cognos BI, PeopleSoft HRMS, PeopleSoft Integration Broker, Oracle Application Express, Oracle Database, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL Database, DB2 Database

Languages: Java/J2EE Programming, Groovy Programming, C++ Programming, Visual Basic Programming, SQL, PL/SQL, & T-SQL Programming

Clearance

Public Trust



Professional Experience

Current Employer 

Paradyme Management, Inc.

Employment Dates

February 2007 - Present

Positions Held

Chief Technology Officer; Director; Manager

Relevant Projects

U.S. Census Bureau: AMSD SOA and ESOA implementation (3/2013 – Present)

Currently engaged and supporting the U.S. Census Bureau AMSD and Enterprise SOA implementation as the SOA services solution architect

Description and how it relates to work under this contract

Luther McGinty is currently the project manager and services delivery architect for the Census Bureau AMSD SOA project.  He is an experienced technical solution architect and is integral to Paradyme in delivering enterprise solutions for more than a dozen public and private sector customers.  Luther’s project roles have included development team lead, solution architect, and project manager, while often managing all these responsibilities in concert.  In all engagement work Luther has been commended for leadership, creativity, and quality of work.  Luther is a skilled communicator comfortable in engaging all levels of an organizational hierarchy.

Luther’s key experience includes developing the supporting infrastructures, architectures, and solutions for customers modernizing or developing new business processes.  He has carried responsibility for planning, design, implementation, and deployment of technologies specifically aligned to customers seeking to recognize greater speed, agility, and performance through modernized technology adoption, such as with SOA.  Luther’s experience provides him unique appreciation of the challenges organizations face when undertaking complex business transitions through adoption of new technologies, and his success in navigating customers during these efforts is rooted in his commitment to pragmatic, robust, and best practice forward solutions.\n
Xinhui Du
9530 Baltimore Ave

College Park, MD 20740

(240) 550-0118

xinhui.du@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems
School of Public and Environmental Affairs, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN
Bachelor of Science in Public Affairs, Public Financial Management

December 2017
May 2015

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sanley Group, LLC (A fast-growing online directory), Bloomington, IN
June-November 2015
Online Directory Intern
 Build a web-based database with another intern after identifying and collecting information of over
280 small businesses in university towns
 Composed a comprehensive guidance for potential customers around 3 universities
 Reviewed and recommended 25 signature restaurants in database, and posted high-quality pictures on
social media, increasing 5% exposure to online followers
 Promoted small businesses with high customer growth rate and contributed $1400 in company total
revenue through selling advertisement services for $10 per business
China Citic Bank, Tianjin, China
May-August 2013
Assistant of Hall Manager
 Maintained relationship with 10 valued customers and surveyed customer experience ensuring 100%
retention rate
 Collaborated with 4 tellers and 2 managers on daily tasks to assist customers with filling required
forms for financial services
 Introduced and promoted 189 customers to apply for credit cards and contributed in raising branch
ranking from seven to three in Tianjin
LEADERSHIP & ACTIVITIES
Graduate School Ranking Project, University of Maryland, MD
October – November 2016
 Designed and built a SQL database of top 100 business graduate schools (2013 -2016) in the U.S.,
collaborated with 5 team members.
 Implemented and integrated SQL database into Salesforce, presenting as a user friendly interface.
 Provided an easy and efficient searching method to meet graduate candidates’ various demands, such
as search by regions, majors, and years.
China Citic Bank, Tianjin, China
June-July 2013
Mobile App Marketing Group Member
 Advertised bank-related mobile app and strategized campaigning tools to attract targeted customers in
20s - 50s, expanding customer base of branch by 12%
 Conducted surveys and analyzed over 400 responses to devise business strategies for developing new
app features
Indiana University, Bloomington, IN
January- May 2013
Peer Tutor: BUS-K303 Technology & Business Analysis
 Guided 27 students on take-home projects, shared learning methods and followed up with students
after coaching sessions
 Cooperated with peers to resolve students’ technical issues in a timely manner both inside and outside
of class
 Facilitated first-year students learning to adapt to different teaching methods; and increased students
average GPA from 1.3 to 3.0
ADDITIONAL
Technical Skills:
 Languages: HTML, CSS, SQL, Python
 Tools: Tableau, Hadoop, Oracle SQL*Plus

\n
Roger Vaede



Executive Summary

	System administrator experience in Unix and Linux environments, scripting, COTS and systems integration. Strong communication abilities, with a history of providing on-site and nationwide support to clients.

	

Clearance

DOD Top Secret Clearance



Languages



Bash 

Korn

Bourne 

C Shell 

SQL 

Cobol





Tools

Redhat Enterprise Manager 2.2

Clamav

JIRA 4.3 / 5.1.8

Remedy

Nagios 3.3.1

Centos 5.5

Virualbox

Toad

Solaris Sun Grid

Winscp

Free-IPA

VMware Sphere Client

RHEV

Zimbra

NXserver

Xming

Redhat Satellite

SVNTortoise

Firezilla



Hardware



Sun Enterprise 4500/440/280

Sun-Fire-V490

Sun Ultra 1/2/5/10/60/80

HP Proliant servers





Work Experience



Deloitte				     					  January 2012 - October 2015

Linux/System Administrator							            Washington, DC



	Manage Redhat Virtualization environment , build VM Redhat 5/6 servers and Windows 2008 R2.

	Installed new version JIRA 5.1.8.  Maintain and update JIRA 4.3. 

	Worked on hardening of RHEL servers to STIG DOD standards.

	Investigated and fixed Nessus vulnerabilities on Cloud windows and Linux servers.

	Installed and configured MYSQL, PHP and Apache

	Supported the following applications WebSphere Application Server, Datastage.

	Administer and maintain Nagios monitoring tool.

	Manage all environments using VMware Sphere Clients.

	Apply monthly Redhat 5 patches and ASM Oracle patches.

	Supported the SAS team with server administration and automating data loads using shell scripts.

	Supported tools such as SVN and Redhat Satellite Network, Splunk.

	Self Trained setting up Puppet to update network configuration files.

	Set up Performance Monitoring on Windows 2008 servers to check performance and resources

	Led the planning, installation, integration and configuration of KE Emu application for NHHC to an Amazon Web Services (AWS) for the Navy.

	Conducted complete reinstall of RHEL OS and client’s COTS content management application.

	Provided NHHC user and technical support at clients site (Navy Yard).



Terpsys				      					   August 2011 – January 2012

Web/Linux Administrator       								  Rockville, MD



Manage enterprise wide Apache/IIS web servers, Tomcat/JBOSS J2EE application containers in a RH Linux..

Coordinate planning and deployment of major software releases, feature enhancements and bug fixes with various development groups.

Installed and upgraded the following Jboss-5.5-20 containers, tomcat-5.5.20 and apache-2.2.21.

Used Anthill2 and 3 to automate application and content deployments.

Installed Yourkit on Redhat clients to monitor website performance and also documented the process.

Renewed and updated old SSL certificates for websites on Linux platforms.

   

Marathon Systems				    			     February 2011 – June 2011

Linux Administrator 							 	            Washington, DC



Cloud Enterprise Administration creating and managing Linux and windows VMware servers.

Coded Shell scripts to monitor GSA web sites, capture Apache open connections and backup Tumbler RSS XML, Percussion startup scripts.  

Maintain, support and optimize Nagios System monitoring tool and installed and configured Nagios Window Client using NSClient++.

Install disk partitions on VMware using LVM, configure NTP, Clamav, sendmail configuration.

	

Advisory Board Unix/Windows Administrator              		                   June 2007 – February 2011

Unix/Windows Administrator        							            Washington, DC



Administer and support Solaris 10, Linux Redhat 5, HP-UX and Windows servers.

Installed and configured  the following tools, Ruby, Oracle, Apache Tomcat, Toad, PGP, Keepass, Jive, Dataguise, Globalscape FTP tool, Xwindow, Cygwin, Cuteftp client, on Linux/Solaris and Windows servers. 

Create shell scripts to archive system logs, Informatica Repository,  Oracle Database exports/dumps, SVN Repository, HIPAA files, Microstrategy I-server restart scripts.

Worked with Hospital IT staff to write automation and delivery scripts using varied scripting and scheduling technologies to ensure reliable and timely delivery of critical data to the ETL infrastructure.

Installed and implemented Globalscape EFTand SecureFTP to provide secure FTP services, scripted and maintained custom workflows to ensure routing of files based on business rules and customer needs to over 20 different “locked down” server destinations.

Off hours support for critical issues, servers/applications that are down, disk space, portals not responding. 

Set up soft links and mounts across networks, NFS, CIFS, SHLIGHT, CIFS MOUNT.

Developed and updated projects using JIRA for internal departments.

Provide support to users to access Subversion, JIRA, PGP Encryption, SSH public keys, NFS, User accounts.



Trawick Associates, SI.					        		    December 2005 – June 2007

Unix Administrator 									    Herndon, VA

		

SUN Enterprise server installation, administration, troubleshooting, performance 

Plan and implement updated patch releases of SSH and Solaris 8/9 on all servers.

Implemented and backed up all servers via an NFS based system prior to moving servers to Herndon.

Maintain and upgrade company’s mail infrastructure including Sendmail,  Postfix, Spamassassin, DNS and Anti-Virus mail servers.

Automated several systems using C-shell, Korn, Bourne scripts to install patches, verify processes are up and running, ensure the most recent anti-virus download is on server, provide reports of Nigerian spam emails,  updated daily Postfix/EMS daily stats reports and swatch scripts.  

Implement spam filtering solutions based on Spam assassin, Postfix, Log files.



Insight Global – Nextel					   	         February 2005 – December 2005

Unix Administrator 									      Mclean, VA



Supported the Fault Management System in Nextel using UNIX Solaris 9.0, Oracle 8.1, TOAD 6.3. 

Perform UNIX system administration of OSS servers, clients, and network.

Updated and ran queries on FMS tables using Unix/Oracle 8.1 and Toad Oracle application Developer.

Developed and maintained Korn shell scripts to check file loading status, and for Oracle errors.

Backed up Oracle/Servers/file systems using Legato Networker 6.1 Solstice Backup.  

Oncall on a rotational weekly basis to ensure stability of network using the Nextel Performance Management Tools.



Education

																Bachelor of Science - Computer Science, Chico State University, CA 



Roger Vaede	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 3

				

Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5\n
Henry (Hung) Dao
5053 Berwyn Rd College Park, MD 20740

816.482.1746

hung.dao@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems (MSIS). GMAT: 700

December 2017

University of Missouri, Kansas City, MO
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Focus Area: Entrepreneurship. GPA: 3.63
▪ Received Chancellor’s Non-Resident Awards for outstanding academic performance

2015

Diplomatic Academy of Vietnam, Hanoi, Vietnam
Bachelor of Arts, International Relations

2011

Technical Skills:
Languages: R, Python for Data Science, SQL, UML, basic C, HTML and CSS
Tools: Tableau, PowerBI, Minitab, Arena, Advanced Excel, Palisade Package (StatTool, PrecisionTree, @Risk and
SolverTable), Rational Rose, MS Visio, LucidChart
Operating systems: Windows XP, Mac OS X
EXPERIENCE
KC Chamber of Commerce, Kansas City, MO
2015
Public Policy & Programming Intern
▪ Administered SBA software to manage database of its memberships (more than 1,300 businesses) and events
▪ Interacted with small businesses, coordinated and supported special events. Researched issues and policies
▪ Prepared marketing materials: copy-writing, design, photography and social media post. Monitored website content
Four Pillars Investors, Kansas City, MO
2015
M&A Analyst Intern
▪ Recommended promising deals based on analysis and contributed to one successful transaction valued at $950k
▪ Conducted company and industry analysis and developed financial models with various levels of sophistication
▪ Identified acquisition candidates and made cold calls to targeted companies, investment bankers and brokers
University of Missouri, Kansas City, MO
Graduate Research Assistant (GRA) at Marketing and Supply Chain Department
▪ Conducted surveys and analyzed data for two marketing research
▪ Designed and maintained a personal website for professor
▪ Monitored students’ tests, graded and uploaded scores to blackboard system

2014-2015

D&N International Law Firm, Hanoi, Vietnam
2012
Paralegal
▪ Negotiated and handled $20k-per-contract with foreign clients, including firms in the US, Vietnam, China and Korea
▪ Provided legal services and consultancy in fields of commerce and business operations
▪ Assisted company lawyers in IP infringement investigations and lawsuits
LEADERSHIP AND VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
▪
▪
▪
▪

1st Place Achievement Award at 2016 Smith MS Case Competition. Student ambassadors of Smith MS Programs
Project leader (CEO) of Suedoskull LLC in the Regnier Venture Challenge Competition 2015
One of 20 best members representing UMKC Enactus Team at National Competition, St. Louis, 2015
Coordinator at SJ Vietnam (helping blind children) 2009 – 2011

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
▪ Fluent in Vietnamese and English.
▪ 83th percentile score in Bloomberg Aptitude Test. Financial Modelling, Data Analysis and Reporting Skills.
▪ Training: Business Analyst (SDLC methodologies: Waterfall, Agile SCRUM; business requirement documents,
user stories, use cases, data modelling, data mapping, workflow, screen mock-up, activity and sequence diagrams)
▪ Interests in Healthcare, Consulting and Technology Industry. Hobbies: travel and sports

\n
William Furlow	14012 Baneberry Circle (703) 401-7170		Manassas, VA 20112

Furlowwo@dukes.jmu.edu



Education





James Madison University

-BBA Management 2018



Work Experience





Operations Supervisor at the JMU Recreation Center (2017-2018 Academic Year)

	-Execution of emergency procedures, administration of first aid & CPR skills

-Resolving/mediating conflicts, event management 

-Acting as liaison between professional staff, student staff, and participants

Adventure Manager at the JMU Recreation Center (August 2016 – Present)

-Oversee and maintain all of the routes on the walls

 Climbing Director at YMCA’s Camp Cheerio (May 2016 – August 2016) 

-Oversaw and managed three high risk climbing areas

-Scheduled and oversaw 13 climbing staff

Adventure Specialist at the JMU Recreation Center (December 2015 – May 2016)

-Monitor rock wall participants

Branch Manager at College Works Painting (December 2014 - September 2015)

-Marketed door to door

-Hired my own paint crew

-Performed estimates for clients

Accounting Intern at Airlines for America (June 2013 - August 2013)

-Organized and mailed out invoices

-Itemized Inventory.



Skills



-Passed the Harvard Spreadsheet Modeling Online Course: Excel 2013

-CPR and AED Certified

-Wilderness First Aid Certified



Interests and Activities



Competed and placed in the International Business & Ethics Case Competition

Member of a COB 300 group that made it to the Jackson-Rainey Business Plan Competition

-Served as treasurer on my freshman dorms Community Activities Board\n
Julie Robinson

214/317-2123

jrobin36@hotmail.com

SUMMARY

IT Professional with 15 plus years’ experience

Soft skills training such as Sarbanes Oxley(SOX), Operations and Controls, Reporting, Sales and New Hire-Redesign core business processes focusing on end to end processes in HCM, FICO, SD-OTC, MM-P2P, PM/EAM with workflow experience, test script execution

Sr. Consultant fulfilling numerous roles including: Quality Testing, Business Analyst, Team lead, Training (IT and Soft skills) and various responsibilities with SAP implementations act as SME during post go live Support-Global rollout experience with functional experience in the areas of HCM sub modules, Success Factors, FICO, FI-CA SD, PM and P2P modules, familiar with MDM, PP, MM, PS, CRM-IC Web and BI modules

Change Management skillset



EDUCATION

Metropolitan State University 2000, St. Paul Minnesota

B/A Human Services/Concentration Training Development & Change Mgmt. 

Numerous SAP training classes and SAP configuration classes in HR (PA, Timekeeping and Payroll) 

Workday training certificate HCM and Payroll



Skills Summary:

Microsoft office				Workday(HR)			Storyline II

Microsoft SQL Reporting		SAP(ERP) (HANA S4)		ADDIE methodology

Sharepoint				SAP CRM			Various LMS Tools

Solution Manager			Adobe/Captivate		ARIS BPM

Infopak/uPerform			Flash				HP ALM

Workforce Performance Builder		SnagIt

POS					Robohelp





PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Schlumberger- Houston, Tx.						                 

Jan. 2017- April 2017

Business Analyst/Trainer

									              

Provide Stakeholder communication in fast-paced RTR and OCM environments

Interpret various sources of data and provide recommendations to management for solving highly complex concerns related to treasury, period-end close and Accounts Payable assignments to determine training needs

Review reports to determine basic characteristics, such as data components, origin and report flow, format, frequency, distribution and purpose or function of report to create Job Aids and learning tools 

Proficient use of applications such as spreadsheet, database, presentation software and specialized business applications software

Review reports to determine basic characteristics, such as data components, origin and report flow, format, frequency, distribution and purpose or function of report to create Job Aids and learning tools 

Effectively communicate, update, and/or facilitate discussions with all levels of management stakeholders and Business owners 

Requirements gathering for reporting requirements

Validated test scripts and business process specifications

Provide end to end, integration and UA testing



Sedgwick CMS	 							       

July 2016 – Jan. 2017

Business Analyst/Trainer

									              

Communicate status updates to stakeholders regarding Hybris(CRM) and FICA modules 

Hybris modules include Convergent Charging, Convergent Invoicing, Revenue and Escrow

FICA modules include Billing (AR), Customer Service(CRM) and Contract Accounting

Review Hybris business processes for AS-IS TO-BE scenarios

Create/load/stage SAP training data and coordinate system refreshes, authorizations, org structures, workflow, period close, year-end closing, new year set-up, transports, background jobs, variants, and layouts 

Requirements gathering for reporting requirements; and end to end testing

Validated test scripts and business process specifications 

Provide integration and UA testing on business processes

Developed training curriculum for end users transactions and processes for Super Users

Utilized the ADDIE Model of Analyze, Design, Develop, Implement & Evaluate for End User Designed and Developed training courses wit Articulate Storyline II and uPerform



UPPCO/KPIT- Marquette MI.

Sr. Business Analyst- SAP								

Oct. 2015-Feb. 2016

March 2016-Presently 	              

Main job responsibilities included business requirements, developing processes and procedures, documentation, training

Helped to maintain, modify and enhance existing SAP systems, with support of FICO interfaces

Analyzed data sources to specify reports and created and maintained Payroll, HCM

Tested end to end processes in FICO and SD

Data migration and data loads



McClaren Group/Toronto, On

Sr. Business Analyst- SAP								

May 2015-November 2015	              

Troubleshoots, identifies and tracks software and hardware issues to ensure resolution and keep systems operational

Phone and in person support/follow up

Led SAP FICO requirements for designs, integrations, configuration, customization, During the development and implementation phases

Worked together with the end user client and SAP functional consultants to gather requirements and devise/test technical solutions for their business processes



7-11 Corporate Office/People Results- Dallas, TX.

SAP Business Analyst								

November 2014-April 2015	

Requirement gathering defining processes via workshops

Troubleshoot client issues and document

Supported the FICO business process, data migration, test process, and issues resolution

Key participant on major SAP HCM implementation for HR. Coordinated and led the post go-live issues and multiple waves of the implementation working on multiple projects related to personnel administration, organizational structure, payroll, compensations, benefits and enterprise portal

Collaborate with stakeholders, SME’s and PMO in order to identify goals needed for the project 

Identified current state/future state process flows with input from project stakeholders

Business process re‐engineering, as required



HCL Technology- Milwaukee WI.

Sr. SAP Analyst									

June 2014-October 2104	

Key member in the SAP HCM implementation. Worked with SAP consultants and the local team as project leader and technical lead in the implementation of SAP HR including Organization Management, Personnel Administration, Employee Self-Service portal, benefits and Payroll

Implemented SAP FI

CO. Coordinated the initiation, planning, development, execution, training, implementation and post implementation phases



State of Mississippi/ISG – Jackson, MS.

Sr. SAP Consultant/Trainer ECC 6.0						

April 2014 – June 2014	

Travel to various state agencies to deliver SAP training to state employees and contractors

Tested exercises and data to ensure accuracy

Participated in TTT sessions with state trainers

Tested end to end business processes

Trained on Finance and BI modules to include AP, CO, AR and GL

Trained SRM overview courses

Developed exercises and QRG’s with uPerform



PrimeSource Building Products – Irving, TX

SAP Business Analyst									

July 2013 – April 2014	

SAP HCM Modules: OM, PA, Benefits, Time Management, Payroll. Presentation of SAP HR functionalities to Core members and finalize the scope of project

SAP modules include P2P, SD-OTC, AP, HCM(time mgmt., ESS/MSS), Overview courses, Rptg. and Mgr. training

Presentation of SAP HR functionalities to Core members and finalize the scope of project.

Assisting and guiding the team on Business processes requirements study and coordination with Project Manager of Client to understand different business scenarios.

Developed and Maintained SDLC standard artifacts for the Configuration and Testing of the SAP HR implementation



Fossil Group – Richardson, TX.

Sr. Business Analyst								

April 2013- July 2013	

Plan Requirements gathering processes, then elicit, analyze, document and validate project requirements

Translating business requirements into technical documentation

Converted design specs into business process procedures for trainer

BPR on business processes in SD/OTC

Master data maintenance

User acceptance testing



Verizon Business/Partners Consulting – Irving, TX.

Sr. Business Analyst								

Sept. 2012 –April 2013	

Gathered requirements

Liaised with business and consultants on BPD’s

Execute test scripts

Participated in testing workflow scenarios

Track and review the implementation of agreed price increases 

Performed value chain analysis to ensure that retail price points, discounts, and trade margins outlined in price structures are in line with commercial budgets and strategy

SAP End-User trainer 

Delivered SD training to AE’s

SAP 7.2



VSP/Sparta Consulting-Contractor - Sacramento, CA

SAP HCM Business Analyst						

May 2012 – September 2012	

SAP HR Sub Modules: OM, PA & Performance Management

Presentation of SAP HR functionalities to Core members and finalize the scope of project.

Assisting and guiding the team on Business processes requirements study and coordination with Project Manager of Client to understand different business scenarios.

Developed and Maintained SDLC standard artifacts for the Configuration and Testing of the SAP HR implementation.

Developed Functional Specifications to ensure custom built system functionality supports business requirements.

Worked with Concurrent Employment.

Worked with country specific configuration for different countries.

Worked with Personal Actions and Dynamic Actions

Integration with Benefits &Payroll and HR &amp; FICO



The Training Assoc. /Talisman Energy-Contractor, Calgary Alberta

Sr. Trainer								

November 2011 – March 2012	

SAP End-User trainer

Developed exercises and simulations using existing templates

Used uPerform for course development

Populated training data base

Updated  courses



OneSource VHR- Employee - Euless TX

Sr. BA									

June 2011- November 2011	

Payroll, and HCM



Accretive Solutions/Bell Helicopter-Contractor- Hurst, TX

Sr. SAP Analyst	                               					

Oct. 2010-June 2011

Communicate status, issues and impacts to team lead

Liaison between process team and end users

Working with the process team to define scope and gather business requirements

Identifying potential processes that would be changed/improved by implementing SAP HCM



Telesto Group/U.S. Army-Contractor- Pine Bluff, AR

Sr. Consultant								

June 2010-Oct. 2011

Provide ILT for civilian Army employees

FI, PS, and HR/HCM SAP modules

SAP ECC 6.0



Training Intelligence/Sikorsky A&D- Stratford, Ct

Sr. SAP Trainer								

March 2010 June 2010

Update training materials(SAP FI module)

Liase with SME to gather information and create and edit classroom learning materials

Used MS Word and PowerPoint for development and updates to material



Commercial Metals Company ECC 6.0-   Irving, Texas

COE Trainer									

Jan. 2009-Feb. 2010							                

Provide training for the Process Improvement Program for RTR/Finance module specifically Cost Accounting, Fixed Assets Management, Project Systems and Sales & Distribution ECC 6.0

Update courseware using MS Power point

Develop new courses using uPerform 

Gap training

Update training data for ongoing software releases

Record BPP’s using uPerform

Delivered ILT to steel mill and fabrication end users



RWD Technology (Contractor- LMP Army) ECC 6.0- New Jersey

SAP Trainer 									

Oct.2008-Jan. 2009					                	                               

Delivery of FI, HR,(Time Entry)  and SD SAP courses

Updated training materials

		

IBM (Contractor- Brock Group) ECC 6.0- Houston. TX.

SAP Training Lead								

April 2008 to Oct.2008					                	

Create training plan for an SAP implementation

Create curriculum plan for over 400 users

Curricula included user guides, work instructions, job aids, exercise guides and simulations

Developing strategy for creating and deploying training

Data requirements gathering

uPerform Administrator

Role mapping

Communication blasts to end users

Road shows

Liase with SME to gather information and create and edit classroom learning materials.

Recorded  BPP’s  in uPerform



RWD Technology (Contractor-Bemis &Comcast) - Baltimore, MD

SAP Training Tech Lead								

Jan. 2008 to March 2008			                	

Supported delivery of  T3 to Comcast trainers

Delivery and support of HCM/HR: PA OM, ESS and MSS module

SAP Performance Management tool

Developed FICO training material OTC, new G/L, Capital Assets, and Internal Order courses

Delivery of FICO courses OTC, GL, Capital assets, Billing and Invoicing, Vendor Management, CRM, AR and SD



State of North Carolina (Contractor) - Raleigh, NC

SAP Training Consultant 

October 2007 – January 2008					                  

Developed HR training material (PA specifically)ESS E-Recruiting course 

Liase with SME to gather information and create and edit classroom learning materials

Delivery of OM, PA, ESS and TM courses



Sara Lee (Contractor) - Oak Brook Ill.

SAP FI/ECC Training Consultant

May 2007 – July 2007					                            

Created GL & Product Costing documentation 

Delivery of GL, AP, AR/SD, and Product Costing (SAP ECC 5.0)

Update training materials

Used On Demand for creation of training materials

Curricula included user guides, work instructions, job aids, exercise guides and simulations



AOL (Contractor) - Dulles, VA.

SAP Training Consultant

March 2007 – May 2007					           	                 

Delivery of SAP R3(6.0)  AP, T&E sub modules 

Created BW training materials

Update training materials 

Revamped simulations in Info Pak





RWD Technology (Contractor- Johns Hopkins) - Baltimore, MD.

Sr. SAP Consultant

September 2006 –February 2007

Delivery of SAP R3(4.7)  HR training to over 900 end users

Delivered training for the following sub-modules in HR and FI:

Personnel Actions for OM and PA

Time Entry

Funds Management

Budgeting

SD

Provide post go live support via  level 1 and level 2 help desk



Bell Helicopter Textron (Contractor) - Hurst, TX

Business Analyst

April 2006 –September 2006			              		    		

Developed strategy for creating and deploying training

Gathering and Documenting requirements

Communicate daily & weekly project results to PM and core team members

Participated in Plan & Define phase of implementation

Participated in cut over process and transformation

Participated in testing workflow scenarios to complete training documentation

Supporting the creation of training materials for all Change leadership initiatives

Assisted with  getting BPP’s into RWD Info Pak

Used Info Pak to create training documentation

Curricula included user guides, work instructions, job aids, exercise guides and simulations

Responsible for PM document creation

Training administration

Roll mapping for 1100+ end users



Lockheed Martin (Contractor) - Greenville, SC.

SAP Business Process Analyst

September 2005- March 2006				                                                 

Participated in Plan & Define phase of implementation

Communicate daily & weekly project results to FI and core team members

Gathering and Documenting requirements for E2E processes

Create Business Process design strategy 

Created training materials for FI/AP & AR sub  module

Created training materials for the m-e, qtr-end and y-e close process

Developed strategy for creating and deploying training

Delivered instructor led training

Delivered instructor led training for all close processes

Participated in Train the Trainer workshops

Tested training material for exercises

Used manual processes to test data to load exercises

Used on Demand tool to create training documentation and simulations



BearingPoint Consulting- Las Colinas, TX.

Sr. SAP Consultant Lead						

March 2005- Oct. 2005					                      	

Participated in Realization phase of implementation

Create training materials for FI Public Sector client

Delivered SD training to sales teams and Cust. Srv.. employees

Acted in a lead role on project

Provide post go-live support



Bell Helicopter Textron (Contractor) - Hurst, TX

Business Analyst (FICO)

Oct.2004- March 2005				                                          

Participated in Blueprint to Go Live phase of the SAP 5.0 implementation

Created training materials for FICO  modules (Cost Center Accounting, Accounts Receivable, Profit Center Accounting, Cost Elements, Internal Orders and Fixed Assets)(SAP R/3 4.6C)

Created and tested workflow test scenarios for FI module and business processes

Validated data for FI conversion

Gathering and Documenting requirements for E2E process flows

Assisted with the implementation of change management plans that minimize employee resistance

Created training data for Training client

Created/edited Training material for BPP process continuity

Communicated daily & weekly project results to PM and core team members

Delivered instructor led training for FICO modules and Basic Navigation

Delivered instructor led training for m-e, qtr, and y-e close processes

Participated in Train the Trainer workshops

Tested training material



City of San Antonio (Contractor) - San Antonio, TX

Sr. SAP Training Consultant

September 2004 – Oct.2004				                                 

Created training materials for FI module (Petty Cash and Travel Management) (SAP R/3 4.7)

Delivered instructor led training for FI ( Funds Management, Petty Cash and Travel Management) and SD(Sales Order Processing, Revenue Contracts) , CRM

Used an automated tool to test for training materials



U.S. Customs (Contractor) - Indianapolis, Indiana

SAP Business Analyst 

April 2004 – September 2004

Created training data for Training client

Created/edited Training material for BPP process continuity

Communicated daily & weekly project results to PM and core team members

Design SAP end user training materials (Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Travel Management) for FI module to include Quick Reference Guides and Student Exercises

Quality test data to use for exercises 

Conduct Instructor led  training



North Carolina Department of Transportation (NCDOT) - Raleigh, NC

Instructional Designer

December 2003 – March 2004				                                     

Redesign existing FICO training materials SAP R/3 (4.6) documentation for instructor led role based training such as participant guides, exercises and quick reference documents 

Quality testing of business scenarios and transactional processes within SAP to capture design for training

Used Info Pak to design user guides and exercises

Met with client super users and functional consultants daily for process information and area specific updates



DSM Pharmaceuticals (Contractor) - Greenville, NC

Business Process Instructional Designer

September 2003 – Jan 2004					                                

Participated in Blueprint to Go Live phase of the SAP implementation

Instructional design/develop of SAP R/3 (4.6c) training materials and or documentation such as participant guides, exercises and quick reference documents for FICO modules to include m-e close processes

Test transaction documentation for use in training documentation

Validate BPP’s

Evaluate team training material

Attend and facilitate client and SME meetings

Interface with SME’s and clients to update documentation



City of San Antonio (Contractor) -	San Antonio, TX

Training Cslt. /Instructional Designer

March 2003 – June 2003						

Designed and created training materials for FI, SD(Sales Order Processing(OTC), Revenue Contracts) and HR modules (SAP R/3 4.6c)

Tested HR training material

HR Personnel Development, Personnel Administration, Maintain Master Data and Training Events

FI- General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Funds Management and Asset Management

Test transaction documentation for accuracy

Workflow test scenarios for use in material creation

Hansen software integration testing

Evaluate team training material

Continued process enhancement through on-going communications with process team members and business process owners



ALLTEMPS1 Personnel- Dallas, TX

SAP Consultant 

September 2001 – March 2003					               

Work closely with the team to assure business process designs are in synch with system designs

Serve as the primary channel of communication to senior management in the businesses for systems impact issues

Coordinate the resolution of business issues affecting the SAP project

Assess organization/business/staff impacts and associated risks

Work closely with the individual project teams to:

Identify detailed requirements for training, documentation materials, communications (internal and external), and business alignment

Develop training plan

Develop training materials, courses, and schedules

Develop user documentation

Develop detailed communication plan

Develop communication schedules, materials, and content

Assisted with the implementation of change management plans that minimize employee resistance

Test training documentation

Post go-live support via help desk

Recruit qualified staff to fill positions in the clerical and administrative fields

Develop training programs for temporary employees

Coordinate and performed site readiness for all on site job fairs

Test potential employees for temp and temp to permanent positions

Weekly payroll responsibilities for a staff of 90-100 employees

Responsible for in-house bids and quotes\n
Bruce Andrew Recht
8300 Baltimore Ave 306C
College Park, MD 20850
(240) 606-5499
brucerecht@gmail.com
Education
Montgomery College, Rockville Campus
●
●
●

Associates Degree in General Studies May 2015
Activities: Student Business Association Member
Honors: Dean’s List three semesters, Academic Excellence Award

University of Maryland College Park
●

Current status: Senior
● Major: Communications

Professional Experience
Intern
Paradyme Management, Inc., Greenbelt, MD
October ’16-Present
Keep track of assets through database system
Review and updated company contingency plans/policy and procedures
Led consulting project for The Greenbelt Community Foundation
focusing on marketing sponsorship.

Sales Representative (temporary employment)
Omega Courier, Inc., McLean, VA
Research leads
Interact with clients to market courier services
Input client data into database

June ’16- August ‘16

Cashier and Produce Clerk
Harris Teeter Supermarkets, Potomac, MD
August ’13-May ‘16
Provide excellent service to customers while working in a fast-paced environment
Motivate team members to work together and efficiently stock shelves
Lead team when managers are not present

Skills and Volunteer Experience
Volunteer Experience
Fundraising Chair for “Students Helping Honduras”. Traveled for the 2nd year to help built rural
school, raised $35,000 for the chapter
Skills
Languages: Fluent in American Sign Language (ASL)\ Basic Spanish
Computer skills: Microsoft Suite/Smart Sheets/G Suite, Hootsuite, HubSpot

\n
Srinivas Ankam                     	                                                         

					  Email: recruiter1@laksans.com

 					   Phone: 1-682-286-8000	

Senior Oracle Database Admin

			

Summary

Over 11 years of Experience in IT with specialization in Oracle DBA for product support, development and implementations.



	Implementation of Oracle Retail modules such as ORMS (merchandising system), ORPOS (Stores Implementations).

	Experienced in Real Application Clusters (RAC) and Exadata.

	Configuration and setup of web and application server instances including Clustered and Non-Clustered environment – Load balancing setup and maintenance.

	Understand the internal escalation procedures to effectively escalate critical and complex issues when necessary.

	ORACLE database used as primary relational database, perform timely escalation of critical production incidents and proactively identify patterns of recurring incidents to improve service stability

	Worked on projects of Retail Clients like KROGER, SAKS, DIGICO, Al Nahdi, AXIOM, WOQOD, WANA, DISNEY and GAP.

	Expertise in deploying Oracle Retail Suites. Products involved RMS, ALLOCATION, RPM, REIM, RIB, ORCO, ORBO, ORPOS and SIM.

	Performance Tuning, Table & index partitioning, generating & analyzing explain.

	Expertise database migration, capacity growth planning, backup and recovery.

	Experienced in Oracle Single sign on setup (SSO, OAM and OID).

	

 Education 

		Masters in Computer Applications, JNTU, India, 2005.

Certifications

		Oracle Certified Professional (OCP).

ACHIVEMENTS

Manager Choice award, IBM, 2016

Deep Skill Award, IBM from 2014-16

Employment History

Laksan Technologies

June 2017 to till date

IBM

Mar 2103 to May 2017

HCL Technologies

Nov 2011 to Mar 2013

SkillNet Solutions

Jun 2007 to Nov 2011

FOVEA

May 2005 to Jun 2007

Skill set

ERP/ Oracle Retail

Oracle Retail Merchandising System, ORPOS, Allocation, SIM, RIB, RPM.

Application Servers

Oracle WebLogic Server, Oracle Application Server, Oracle Forms

Single Sign On

Oracle Access Manager, OIM, OID

RDBMS

Oracle 11g, Oracle 12c, Oracle Goldengate, Oracle Exadata

Languages/Scripting

SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, Python

Tools & Utilities 

RMAN, Toad, SQL Developer, OEM, Dataguard, ETL

Operating System

Windows 7, LINUX, UNIX, Sun Solaris

Professional Experience:

Kroger Co. (US),   	                                    			          	     Dec ’13 – May ‘17       

Role: Oracle DBA (Retail)	

Project description: Implemented and upgraded the Oracle Retail Applications (RMS, Allocation and RIB) with Oracle RAC and WebLogic Servers. 

Responsibilities:

Upgrade Oracle Retail Applications from Retail v13 to v15.

Implemented Oracle Single Sing On for Retail Application.

Handled large database, DB size is 7 TB and Upgraded Oracle RAC database from 11g to 12c.

Installation, upgradation, configuration, testing and troubleshooting of Oracle Databases for Oracle Retail and PLM modules.

Establish and maintain sound backup and recovery policies and procedures.

Controls migrations of programs, database changes, reference data changes and menu changes through the development life cycle.

Performs ongoing tuning of the database instances.

Evaluates releases of Oracle and its tools, and third party products to ensure that the site is running the products that are most appropriate. 

Enforces and maintains database constraints to ensure integrity of the database.

Administers all database objects, including tables, clusters, indexes, views, sequences, packages and procedures. 

Assists with impact analysis of any changes made to the database objects.

Troubleshoots with problems regarding the databases, applications and development tools.

Create new database users as required. Manage sharing of resources amongst applications.

Identifying and optimizing the queries causing bottlenecks. 

Exadata, Data Guard and Golden Gate experience.

Used OEM/AWR/ADDM tools for performance monitoring.

Installation & configuration of Middleware technologies including Forms server, WebLogic server, OID (for LDAP authentication).

Automated the tasks with Shell scripting.

Database cloning using with RMAN.



SAKS FIFTH AVENUE (US)                                         	                                                Apr ’13 – Dec ’13 



Role: Oracle DBA (Retail)

Project description: This is an Oracle Retail v15 implementation project with modules RMS, Allocation, RPM, RIB using with Oracle RAC and WebLogic Server.

Responsibilities:

Installation & configuration of Middleware technologies including Forms server, Weblogic server, OID (for LDAP authentication)..

Design Architecture, installation and Administration of Oracle Databases and WebLogic Servers to Address Business process.

Implemented Oracle 12c RAC and WebLogic servers for Oracle Retail Products.

Performs ongoing tuning of the database instances.

Database configuration including configuration of background processes.

Upgradation and Testing the Oracle Retail Applications and Databases.

Performing the Operational DBA Duties like Modifying the Initialization parameter of the Database, I/O and Application tuning to improve the system performance.

Used OEM/AWR/ADDM tools for performance monitoring.

Monitoring & checking the Database backup & recovery process.

Database cloning using with RMAN.



Coles (AUS)  Oracle DBA (Retail),       			                              Apr ’12 – Dec ’12 



Role: Oracle DBA (Retail) 

Project description: Coles are looking to implement Oracle Retail Sales Audit (ReSA) functionality. The outcome of this retrofit activity will be to provide Coles will a fully retrofitted ReSA application for Coles to begin custom development/FIT.

Responsibilities:

Install/Configure/Maintain WebLogic Server and Patching.

Partitioning and indexing the database for ReSA Tables.

Customized the Oracle Forms to retrofit ReSA 13.1 with RMS 10, developed the script for automation of purging data.



GAP (US)  							          	                 Nov ’11 – Feb ’12  



Role: Oracle DBA (Retail)

Project description: Database team will be responsible for Incident Management, Problem Management and change management of Oracle Retail Application environments. 

Responsibilities:

Monitoring the alert log for any type of errors and supporting OLTP Database. 

Production support. Manage issues and assist the team in resolution.

Troubleshoot the batch issues with the help of application team and functional team.



DISNEY (US)									      Jun ’10 – Nov’11



Role: Oracle DBA (Retail)

Project description: DISNEY had the requirement of Integrated Environment of ORCO, ORBO and ORPOS for carrying out production and development.

Responsibilities:

Planning, Installation and Integration of different modules of Oracle Retail Applications from CRP to production, Supported the Implementation during the Cut Over from Offshore/Onsite

Applying different  type of  oracle   retail  patches across all the  environment



WOQOD (QATAR)								  Nov ’09 – Jun ‘10



Role: Oracle DBA (Retail)

Project description:   The project aimed at implementing Oracle Retail V13 and running in parallel with existing legacy systems.

Responsibilities:

Created environments of Retek 13 suit for Development, CRP and System and integration testing. Products involved RMS, RIB, RPM, SIM, and REIM and Implemented and Integrated Retail products with Custom Modifications.

Create technical documents for online modules (Oracle Forms) as well as batch (Pro*C / PL/SQL) and Developed and modified data conversion scripts.



DIGICO (Saudi Arabia)					                             Mar ’09 – Sep ‘09



Role: Oracle DBA (Retail) and Developer

Project description: It is a world’s first integration project between E-Business and Oracle Point of Service system. Parent company, Saudi Intellect, formed DIGICO to benefit from the considerable opportunities in the Middle East.

Responsibilities:

Analyze existing system process and identify points of pain. Gather requirements for different batches item, pricing, store hierarchy, merchandising hierarchy and employee.

Developed jar file with Oracle objects and batch programs to integrate between ORPOS and EBS.



AXIOM (DUBAI)			             	                          	                                    Sep ’08 – Feb ‘09



Role: Oracle DBA (Retail) and Developer

Project description: It is an implementation project with Oracle Retail modules include with Oracle database and Oracle Application servers and Forms. 

Responsibilities:

Environment creation for development and Support and system and integration testing. Products involved RMS, RIB, RPM, SIM, and REIM.

Developed and modified data conversion scripts.



Al-Nahdi (Saudi Arabia)					                              Jul ’07 – Aug ‘08



Role: Oracle DBA (Retail) and Developer

Project description: It is an implementation project with Oracle Retail modules include with Oracle database and Oracle Application servers and Forms. 

Responsibilities:

Environment created and integrated, Products involved RMS, RIB, RPM, SIM, and REIM.

Create technical documents for app modules (Oracle Forms) as well as batch (Pro*C / PL/SQL).



FOVEA Tech, HYD, India     						                      May-05 to Jul-07

Role: Oracle Developer

Project description: involved in the development and modifications to the client’s Applications database and providing L2 and L3 support.

Responsibilities: 

Creation of Endeavor Packages for movement of the changed elements to production and delivering the changed software elements to onsite coordinators who will be coordinating in moving them to production.

Developing and maintain tools that automate repetitively performed tasks in the project. 



Corporate Office: 860 US Highway 1, Suite# 204, Edison, NJ, 08817, Tel: 1-682-286-8000, recruiter1@laksans.com\n
Grace Kim

5147 E Brittain St 

Long Beach, CA 90808

 (310) 980-2981 (Mobile)

gehkim@gmail.com

https://www.linkedin.com/in/grace-kim-348a3b6



Grace Kim



Bringing People Together and Solving Business Problems with Innovative Solutions

An insightful and results-driven systems consulting professional with a successful track record of providing strategic and technical consulting to top global enterprises across multiple verticals, including automotive, insurance, financial, technology, telecommunications, and retail. Passionate about improving operational efficiency through people, process, data and tools. Possesses a great balance of both soft and technical consulting skills. Excels at observing, extracting, and analyzing business needs with the goal of proposing solutions that ensure both short-term and long-term success. Strong verbal and written communication skills, and is well-practiced in delivering highly complex, technical ideas to cross-functional business audiences at all levels of organizations in simple-to-understand, persuasive visual presentations. 





Skills Summary



Functional Experience:

Solution Architecture, Project Management, Technical Service Delivery Management, Business Analysis, Knowledge Management, Pre-Sales Consulting and Sales Support, End-to-End SOW Production, Practice Development and Management, Competitive Product Analysis

Technical Experience:

Cloud and On-Premise System Implementations, System Integrations, Application Configuration, Custom Application Solutions, ETL, RDMS, Analytics Reporting Development, Data Migration, Data Mapping, Database Schema Design, HTML, XML, REST APIs

Additional Domain Expertise:

CRM, Knowledge Management, Search Engine Optimization, Content Management, Business Intelligence, Knowledge-Centered Services (KCS)

Enterprise Applications:

Oracle Knowledge Management (OKM), Oracle Service Cloud, Oracle Knowledge Advanced, Salesforce, MicroStrategy, OBIEE, Business Objects, Siebel, Remedy, TeamTrack, WorldServer, Sharepoint

Desktop Applications and OS:

PowerPoint, Visio, Project, Word, Excel, Outlook, MS 365, Windows, Mac, Unix/Linux 

Certifications:

Oracle RightNow Cloud Service 2016 Certified Implementation Specialist, Oracle RightNow Cloud Service PreSales Specialist

Courses:

PMP Certification

Professional Experience

SoftClouds

Principal Consultant and Practice Manager, JAN 2016-Current

Lead design efforts in creating innovative and forward-thinking technical solutions, including standard, custom, hybrid (cloud and on-premise), and integrated solutions. 

Direct engineers, developers, analysts and other project team members to deliver implementation services to customers per the requirements of the solution and established standards of excellence.

Manage multiple vendors, business stakeholders, and technical team members to delight customers with solutions that are delivered in scope, within budget, and on time without sacrificing quality of service.

Oversee the hiring and interviewing process for any members of the Oracle Service Cloud Knowledge Advanced delivery team.

Demonstrate deep, technical and strategic expertise on practice areas by producing/publishing live webinars, whitepapers, blogs, and community posts. 

Lead pre-sales activities on all Oracle Knowledge and Oracle Service Cloud Knowledge Advanced deals by building and delivering live demos to Oracle prospects, and providing both strategic and technical input to SoftClouds and Oracle sales teams. 

Support the CEO and COO in developing the practices for Oracle Knowledge and Oracle Service Cloud Knowledge Advanced.





Infogain Corp., 

Solutions Architect, JAN 2012 – JAN 2016

Helped countless customers implement Knowledge Solution programs and technologies as a solutions architect and strategic consultant on Oracle Knowledge Management implementation and services projects, Knowledge Management engagements, and search and content program development projects

Managed Information Services and Technology projects at Apple Inc. (one of the largest implementations of Oracle Knowledge Management to date) and other Fortune 100 companies

Trained and developed junior consultants to build and strengthen core delivery teams. 

Coordinated efforts and guided communications between offshore and onshore teams for optimal project delivery and support

Provided search expertise and program management for Intuit Inc. (rivals Apple in size of Oracle Knowledge Management implementation – 130+ servers)

Galvanized practice development efforts, including writing marketing material, creating templates for Statements of Work (SOW), building estimation sheets for sales, and providing guidance on team management and training



Intellisurvey Inc.

Project Manager, JUL 2010 - SEP 2011

Interpret and code market research questionnaires into online surveys using Intellisurvey technologies

Collaborate with clients and contractors to successfully manage projects during their lifecycles

Analyze survey data to ensure accuracy of design and implementation



Oracle (InQuira)

Managed Services Delivery Manager, OCT 2009 - NOV 2010

Responsible for managing 4 to 6 accounts at any given time, which includes some of the biggest corporations in the world (Sprint, Choice Hotels, BP, and more)

Directed the activities of business analysts, language engineers and technical consultants to work together to enhance the impact of client's software implementations

Translated business and marketing goals into search requirements, enhancements and projects

Strategically assisted sales teams to position new services and offerings for current accounts to further enhance the value of the services offered by the group as well as the overall implementation

Professional Services Consultant, OCT 2007 - OCT 2009

Worked directly with customers at some of the most well-known companies across a wide range of industries to understand their specific business requirements, and actively participate in defining optimum business solutions using InQuira software products (IBM, Pitney-Bowes, McAfee, US Bank, Farmers Insurance, Fannie Mae, and more)

Provided key analysis of clients' online businesses, and defined KPIs used to build and generate analytics reports that support ROI of product using Microstrategy reports and tools.

Generated ideas for improving engagement satisfaction with search, UI presentation, organization, and usability

Performed regular search optimization tuning and quality reviews

Offered creative solutions to optimize clients' knowledge base content using the InQuira CMS (Information Manager)



MedAssets (Avega Health Systems)

Software Implementation Specialist, OCT 2006 - JUL 2007

Delivered Oracle database administrative support for both internal and client databases

Managed test and production database migration and upgrade projects from start to finish

Participated in all phases of database tuning projects including strategy, analysis, build, test, and transition for clients' test and production environments



Microsoft (Butler Hill Group)

QA Tester, DEC 2005 - OCT 2006

Performed non-scripted tests and acceptance on daily builds of Microsoft's machine translation software by identifying regressions and tracking the changes being implemented

Logged, tracked, and validated bug defects through the chosen defect management tool

Recommended solutions for defects to ensure problems are resolved quickly and efficiently

Executed thorough data integrity checks for new data sets according to pre-defined data requirements



Education

University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, BA

Double degree in English Literature and Linguistics

Golden Key Honor Society

President of Linguistics Student Organization



Languages

English, Korean 



Clientele Highlights



3M

Apple

American Express

BP

Broadcom

Catalyst360 (now Optum)

CCCIS

Choice Hotels

ESET

Fannie Mae

Farmers Insurance

IBM

Intuit

Invesco

Lowes Home Improvement

Mazda

McAfee

Mitel

MTS

NCR

Pitney Bowes

Serena Software

Singtel

Sprint Mobile

Subaru

The Hartford Insurance Group

US Bank





4\n
Zachary Goldman
7310 Dickinson Ave  College Park, MD 20740
(860) 368-1660  zgoldman@terpmail.umd.edu
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
College of Behavioral and Social Sciences, Bachelor of Arts
Economics Major – Leadership Studies Minor

May 2017

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Maxim Healthcare Services, Columbia, MD
June 2016 – August 2016
HR Specialist Intern
• Supported Benefits, Employee Relations and Talent Resources departments
• Recruited and interviewed experienced candidates
• Helped implement a business deal with Lifetime Fitness
• Used Microsoft Excel and company software to organize data; trained employees on software usage
Facilities, Operations and Events, College Park, MD
October 2013 – Present
Operations Supervisor
• Execute new tactics to increase efficiency
• Lead groups of 3 to 6 people to prepare athletic facilities for events
• Divide coworkers amongst different tasks and periodically check on their progress
• Greet customers as they enter athletic facilities and handle complaints
Aflac, Silver Spring, MD
June 2015 – August 2015
Insurance Agent Intern
• Pursued prospective clients by connecting with key executives and HR personnel
• Prepared notes during potential client meetings
• Sourced employees with qualified marketing/business backgrounds
• Earned Maryland Accident and Health Insurance License
Fund for the Public Interest, Hartford, CT
Canvasser
• Raised an average of $550 dollars a week from donations
• Presented campaign to an average of 30 households per day
• Shadowed by new employees

June 2014 – August 2014

LEADERSHIP TRAINING
Phi Sigma Kappa Fraternity, College Park, MD
January 2015 – May 2015
Vice President
• Ensured that 22 committee chairmen were working towards goals I set forth
• Worked weekly with fellow executive board members to improve our organization
• Implemented a new system to provide networking opportunities
Phi Sigma Kappa Fraternity, College Park, MD
September 2014 – December 2014
Philanthropy/Community Service Chair
• Planned an event with over 100 attendees, which raised over $6000
• Contacted local business owners to receive donations for the event
• Organized multiple trips of more than 20 students to volunteer at Special Olympics events
Shonk Undergraduate Leadership School, Indianapolis, IN
August 2014
• Selected to represent the UMD Phi Sigma Kappa Chapter to attend the national Phi Sigma Kappa
leadership school
• Attended lectures, workshops and networking sessions on ways to improve recruitment, organization and
budget
• Implemented new methods of recruitment and organization to improve the chapter during the 2014-2015
Academic Year

\n
Ishmeet Singh
8125 48th AVE, APT. 514, College Park, MD 20740 | (240) 714-2866 | ishmeetsingh1973@gmail.com
EDUCATION
University of Maryland
MS, Telecommunications Engineering – 3.76 GPA

College Park, MD
Expected May, 2018

ITM University
B.Tech, Electronics and Communications – 3.7 GPA

Gurgaon, India
May, 2015

EXPERIENCE
Compro Technologies
New Delhi, India
Associate Software Testing Engineer
Feb 2016 – July 2016
 Independently did the functional validation of GradeIT and PCT applications
 Coordinated with the development team regarding bug fixes and smooth delivery of project content to client
 Configured new projects in MB Unit for regression testing
Aircel Ltd.
New Delhi, India
Intern
May 2014 – July 2014
 Studied the GSM network in detail and attained practical knowledge by visiting a MSC site
 Assisted Senior Personnel to resolve issues like call drop, call muting, network registration failure, etc.
Siemens Ltd.
Gurgaon, India
Intern
June 2013 – July 2013
 Analyzed non-conformance costs from data of various plants across the nation and published report
 Collaborated with various departments to perform the root cause analysis of the issues
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Edge Detection in images using MATLAB
 Developed algorithm in MATLAB to identify discontinuities in a surface
 Designed a GUI to serve functions like open, save, clear, close, et al.

Aug 2014 – May 2015

Carry-skip adder using Cadence
Aug 2014 – Dec 2014
 Performed transient analysis using Virtuouso to make a quantitative and qualitative comparison between various
adders
 Published a research paper in the International Journal of VLSI System Design and Communication Systems
(IJVDCS)
Low power techniques in VLSI using Cadence
Aug 2014 – Dec 2014
 Computed the transient analysis on Virtuouso after implementing techniques like stacking and MTCMOS to reduce
leakage power in a CMOS circuit
Clap counter using 8051 micro controller
Dec 2013 – May 2014
 Integrated a sound sensor with AT89C51 and a LCD module which increased the count by 1 every time some sound
was produced
 Verified the code on Keil µvision and the circuit on ISIS Proteus 7 before implementing the circuit on PCB board
SKILLS
Programming Skills: C, Python
Protocols Known: RIP, RIP V2, OSPF, BGP, IGRP, EIGRP
Framework: MBUnit
Database: SQL Server 2008
Applications: Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Keil, Virtuoso
ACTIVITIES
Subah
 Worked with local NGO on projects focused on health and poverty

May 2014 – May 2016

Data Compilation Team
 Formulated and shared the results of various events in annual university cultural fest with the jury
Global Young Leaders Conference (GYLC)
 Participated in Model UN in Washington DC and New York, representing Russian Federation

Oct 2012
June 2009

\n
ZACHARY BRUCE LAMMEL
University View I, 8204 Baltimore Avenue, College Park, MD 20740
zblammel@gmail.com (412) 952-4878

Objective: Seeking a challenging full-time position that utilizes my skills and education.
Education
University of Maryland, Mathematics
2011 – 2014
Upper St. Clair High School, Pittsburgh, PA
2007 – 2014

Experience
Server, Denny’s, College Park
March 2015 – Present
• Seated and waited on customers
• Prepared drinks, salads, and desserts
• Ran food to tables
• Bussed tables
• Cleaned and restocked restaurant
Full Time Student at UMD
September 2014 – March 2015
Actuarial Intern, Buck Consultants, LLC, Pittsburgh
June 2014 – August 2014
• Ran pension valuations to generate financials for individual pension plans and company
obligations
• Supported senior consultants on pension valuations for a proposed plan merger and a proposed
pension obligation spin-off
• Compiled documents and coordinated with IRS regarding plan qualification and voluntary
compliance
• Manipulated data in Excel to facilitate analysis
• Prepared reports
• Summarized health care plan provisions to populate health care database
Sales Representative, Abercrombie & Fitch and Hollister Co., Pittsburgh
October 2009 – November 2013
• Greeted and assisted customers
• Organized displays
• Ran cash register

Skills
Serving, Basic HTML, CSS, and JavaScript; Word, Excel, Power Point, WebEx, ProVal Software

Accomplishments
•
•

Member, Primannum Honor Society of the University of Maryland
Member, National Society of Collegiate Scholars

Interests
Racquetball, lacrosse, and golf, as well as playing the guitar and singing

\n
b'Liana Fahie\n\n6210 Belcrest Road\nHyattsville) MD 20782\nTel: (340) 642-9749\n\nViraj Gandhi\n\nChief Executive Ofcer\nParadyme Management\n\n9111 Edmonston Road, Suite 400\nGreenbelt, MD 20770\n\nApril 8. 2015\n\nDear Viraj,\n\nI am sending this letter to inform you that I am resigning from my position as Operations\nAnalyst at Paradyme Management in order to pursue further education. I have enjoyed\nmy time at Paradyme Management and am grateful for all of the valuable experience I\n\nearned. My career goals remain the same as previously discussed but I believe that this\nwill help to accelerate my career goals.\n\nMy last day of work will be May 8, 2015. Please accept this letter as my ofcial\nadvanced notice of resignation from Paradyme Management.\n\nI plan to put forth all efforts to reduce any inconvenience this resignation may cause to\nParadyme Management. I am also willing to train a replacement to take over my duties if\nneeded. If you have any questions regarding this matter or wish to discuss anything with\nme, please feel free to contact me at (340) 642-9749 or ellemfahie@gmail.com.\n\nI wish Paradyme Management the best in continued success.\n\nThank you for your understanding.\n\nY rs sincereml/\n\nlana F ahie'\n
Aanchal Kanodia

3417 Tulane Dr, #3  Hyattsville, MD 20783  240.802.9394  aanchal.kanodia@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION

	Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD                                         December 2016

Master of Science in Information Systems: GRE – 321; GPA – 3.7

Women’s cell leader; Smith Student Association Ambassador



Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology, Nagpur, India					            May 2015

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering: GPA – 3.6



Technical Skills:

Tools: RStudio, Hadoop/MapR, Hive, Pig, AWS, Cloudera, Excel, Google Analytics/AdWords, @Risk, Salesforce

Data Modeling Skills: Data Mining, Predictive Modeling, Statistical Modeling/Analysis, Operational Management, Forecasting, Optimization Modeling

Languages: R, Java, JavaScript, SQL, HTML, C, C++, Python, CSS

Certifications: R Statistics, Hadoop Fundamentals, Google AdWords

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

PwC – New York, USA          						                                      June – August 2016

Technology Consultant in Financial Services – Cybersecurity and Privacy

Engaged by a mortgage banking firm to assess compliance of existing Business Continuity Plans against FFIEC requirements

Participated in discussions with over 90 process leaders from various divisions to address the gaps gauged

Formulated disaster recovery planning framework encompassing 32 business units

Documented the results of enterprise-wide Business Continuity Plans using risk management software in order to support client’s effort to maintain sustainable BCP process



KPMG – Mumbai, India          						                                           May – July 2015

Consultant (Information Systems)

Compared 37 projects with their leading practices while indicating deviation from ideal standards using @Risk

Appraised, remodeled and tailored architecture of existing project management tool for launch in KPMG’s 2015 International Conference held in Rome

Computed timeframes and benchmarked ongoing projects for nearly 100 KPMG clients using RStudio

PROJECTS

Forecasted Outcome of Credit Extension to Loan Defaulters using R		             August – September 2016

Predicted opportunity cost associated with denying credit extension to a sample of 2000 loan defaulters using logistic regression modeling 

Cleaned dataset consisting of information such as age, salary, dependents by text mining to ensure consistent data

Classified and predicted data using models like Naïve Bayes and k-NN to check error rate of model against validation data with 96% accuracy



Research Data Analyst									        January – May 2016

Coded a program in R to forecast operational market potential of Cybersecurity ETFs using metrics like Return on Investment, Price to Earnings Ratio and Price to Book ratio for around 70 companies

Worked on a Cybersecurity ETFs white paper, capturing results obtained with analysis above, to be published in “Communications of the ACM”



Google Online Marketing Challenge         				                                           	         March – April 2016

Launched a 3-week digital marketing campaign aimed at increasing sign-ups on a client’s website

Used Google Analytics and Google AdWords to monitor customer activity, reducing site bounce rate by 32%

Operated with a $250 budget and increased subscriptions by 25%\n
b'Yonggen (Andrew) Mao\n\nSenior Java Developer\n9720 Eldwick Way, Potomac, MD, 20854 on en.mao mail.com\nMobile: 240-205-2214\n\nSummary of Qualifications\n\nHighly-skilled and full-stack software developer with more than 10 years\nexperiences in design, development large, complex enterprise-scale J2EE web\napplication. Streamlined deployment process by developing continuous\nintegration tools. Strong in problem solving, troubleshooting production\nproblems and performance tuning. Experienced developing using Agile\nmethodology and Test Driven Development (TDD). Experienced multiple projects\nfor whole software life cycle.\n\nCertifications and Expertise\n\nEXPERTISE YEARS OF\nEXPERTISE\n\nLanguages/Programming: Java, C, C++, SQL,\nJava Technologies: J2EE, EJB, MDB, JMS 10+\nJava Web: JSP, Servlets, Struts, JSF, JavaScript 10+\nWeb Technologies: HTML, JSP, JSF, CSS, JQuery,\nJavaScript, AngularJS, Polymer 10+\nDatabases: Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server 10+\nApp Servers: WebLogic 8.1/9.x/10.3.x 10+\nDesign Methodologies: OOAD, UML, Design 10+\nPatterns\n05: Linux, UNIX, Solaris 10+\nIDE/Case Tools: Eclipse, MyEclipse, WASD 10+\nApplication Frameworks: Spring, MVC, Struts, 10+\nHibernate\nConfiguration Mgmt Tools : SVN, cvs 10+\nBuild Tool: Ant, Maven, Jenkins 8\nWeb Services: SOAP, RESTfuI 8\nTesting: Junit, Mockito, Fitness, Selenium\nOthers: 550 using SAML1.1/2.0'b'Mao, Andrew\n\nGM FIND21 EDS DETROIT, MI. 05/07 TO 03/08\n\nusing JSP, HTML and Action Class\n. Maintained COGNOS SDK codes\n. Provided Warranty Support for the application\n\n \n\n \n\nGM PRTS+ EDS Demon MI 07/05 TO 04/07\nProject Type JZEE Web Application\nRole J2EE Developer\n\n \n\nResponsibilities . Prepared technical design document\n\n- Developed Java code and JSP pages for the\napplication\n\n- Developed Oracle SQL statement which is used by\nbusiness model\n\n. Developed front-end screens and server Side scripts\nusing JSP, HTML and Action Class\n\n. Developed User Interfaces using JSP Custom Tags\nand XML\n\n- Developed frontend screens and server side scripts\nusing JSP, HTML and Action Class\n\n. Analyzed and resolved defects\n. Provided Warranty Support for the application\n\n \n\n \n\n \n\n \n\n \n\nEducation and Training\n\n. Master of science degree in Computer Science, Wayne State University,\nDetroit, Michigan, 2004\n. Agile Boot camp at Grand Circus at Detroit 2014\n\nReferences available upon request.'b"M ao, And rew\n\nRelevant Project Experience\n\nONSTAR GAA 4.x, 5.x HP AND GM DETROIT'\n\n09/08 TO PRESENT\n\nProject Type\n\nMI.\nJava Call Center Application\n\n \n\nRole\n\nSenior Developer, Group Leader\n\n \n\nResponsibilities\n\nONSTAR OPC\nREFINEMENT\n\nProject Type\n\n. Lead a group developers to support several code\nreleases for Shanghai OnStar.\n\n. Provided production launch support and\ntroubleshooting including performance and memory\nleak issues\n\n. Supported performance testing and performance\ntuning for Java code and web services.\n\n0 Experienced full life cycle of business requirement,\ndesign, development, release and support\n\n. Experienced agile development in project, pair\nprogramming and TDD\nHP DETROIT, MI. 04/08 TO 08/08\n\nJZEE Application\n\n \n\nRole\n\nDeveloper\n\n \n\nResponsibilities\n\n- Prepared technical design document\n- Developed JUINT test case\n. Developed tness test case\n\n- Built and Deployed the Web Application in BEA\nWebLogic Sever\n\n \n\nGM FIND21\nProject Type\n\nEDS DETROIT, MI.\nJ2EE Web Application\n\n05/07 TO 03/08\n\n \n\nRole\n\nJZEE Developer\n\n \n\nResponsibilities\n\n \n\n \n\n. Prepared technical design document\n- Developed Batch email application using JMS\n\nI Developed Oracle SQL statement which is used by\nbusiness model\n\n. Built and Deployed the Web Application in BEA\nWebLogic Sever\n\n- Developed User Interfaces using JSP Custom Tags\nand XML\n\n. Developed front-end screens and server side scripts"\n
MANASA GUNDA
4810 Eldon Grn, Baltimore MD 21227
gmanasa1@umbc.edu | (240)-643-6473
Education:
University of Maryland, Baltimore County (UMBC)
Expected: May2017
Master of Science in Computer Science
GPA: 3.4/4.0
Coursework: Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Advanced Computer Architecture, Artificial Intelligence,
Advanced Operating Systems, Principles of Computer Security.
VIT University, India
May 2013
Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering
GPA:8.9/10.0
Coursework: Computer Programming and problem solving, Data Structures and Algorithms, Microcontroller
and Applications, Computer Communication, Computer Organization and Architecture, VLSI System Design.
Technical Skills:
Languages and Technologies:
C, C++, SQL, Python, JavaScript, XML, HTML, CSS, Microsoft SQL Server, Git, Putty, SOAP UI, JIRA
Tools:
IBM DataStage v9.1, MATLAB R2008a
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux
Certifications:
IBM certified in DB2 10.1 Fundamentals, Infosphere MDM Server v9.0
Experience
Sparksoft Corporation, Intern
Summer 2016
 Working on development of a web application using MEAN Stack
UMBC, Graduate Assistant
August 2015 – May 2015
 Handled discussion sessions, conduct quizzes and grade papers.
Courses: Multivariable Calculus (Fall 2015), Scripting Languages (Spring 2016)
IBM India Pvt Ltd
June 2013 - June 2015
 Worked as an Application Developer for IBM DataStage Tool wher e t he customer data received from
multiple sources is processed and stored in tables according to business requirements.
 Worked as Test Analyst for IBM’s MDM Server where test cases are developed according to the user
requirements, executed with XMLs using SOAP UI and verify the MDM database.
 Performed Data Stewardship User Interface (DSUI) testing which is created using MDM for ease access of
customers for Input Datatype validations, updating and deletion of Customer data present in DB.
 Undergone Master Data Management and DataStage trainings conducted.
Achievements
 Recognized in the Manager’s Choice Award - 2014 program by my manager for the practice ‘Put the
Client First’.
Student Intern
ECIL Hyderabad
June 2011 - July 2011
 Trained on Study of 8051 Microcontrollers & Interfacing PMC5309 Serdes Chip with FPGA using SOPC.
Academic Project
Simulation of Internet of Things (IoT) and Smart House
September 2015- December 2015
 Simulated IoT system in a distributed manner using sensors, smart devices and front-end gateway
considering multicast communication, event ordering, clock synchronization, consistency and fault-tolerance.
Security Aware AODV Protocol for MANET
January 2013 - May 2013
 Implemented code to provide security to the existing AODV protocol against routing attacks using RSA
algorithm in Ubuntu OS using NS2.
GPS Simulation Using MATLAB
April 2012 - May 2012
 A probabilistic methodology is used to estimate the location of position P and code is developed using
MATLAB. The scheme adapts various mathematical techniques to provide location of position.
Extracurricular
 Successfully completed workshop on automotive sensors and its applications.
 Volunteered and supervised various social and cultural events conducted in VIT.
Conference Presentation
Paper, November 2010: “Design of 24 Channel DWDM.”
 SEDS VIT, Vellore, India.

\n
An abbreviated resume of         PHILIP W. DIXON	

		1406 Winding Way	  pwdixon2012@yahoo.com	Phone:  864 – 451 – 7674 (Home) Taylors, South Carolina 29687		Phone:  864 – 509 - 1564 (Home)

		  			Phone:  864 – 360 - 2547 (Cell)  

		EDUCATION    BS – Mississippi State University - Major: Industrial Management 



EXPERIENCE SUMMARY    Thirty overall years office and field experience, hands-on work in Project Controls Management with major EPC companies (Fluor, Jacobs, Bechtel, et.al.).  Project budget ranges have been 50 million to 2 billion dollars working in the USA, Canada, England and Ireland. I have held and can apply for resumption of clearances for DOE, DOD, NRC and NSA. 



Hands-on work in EPC projects as Planner/ Scheduler, Estimator and Cost Engineer.  Years of hands-on use of Primavera–P6/ P7, MS Project, WinWest, Oracle. 



Power projects range from nuclear, coal-fired, plant emission upgrades and rebuilds, solar power, wind farm, substation and power distribution networks. High tech. range from robotic manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, computer microchip, automobile assembly, paper, petro-chem projects. Other projects  range from dams, bridges, interstate highways, airports, steel mills and marine and submarine bases.



WORK HISTORY

February, 2017– April 2017 Aerotek, assigned to Faithful Gould / First Quality Paper.  

Contract as cost engineer during their initial stages of adding a new paper machine and tissue converting line. Developing initial resource curves and modifying RFB’s to reflect the scope of work and engineering specs and designs.  



September 2015 – Feb 2016– Selectek, Contractor assigned to AMEC Foster Wheeler

Atlanta / Greenville , SC assignments in AMEC engineering offices on power and petroleum  related proposal estimates using Primavera P6.7 for scheduling, WinEst for estimating, Excel for scheduling, cost control and earned value.

Integrate engineering design, procurement and contractor’s implementation with the AMEC engineering design and procurement plan. 



September 2014 – July 2015 – Woodgroup-Mustang, Houston, TX and Greenville, SC

Project Controls Specialist assigned to oversee and assist Mustang engineering / procurement and Plains LPG’s construction contractors for building a new rail / truck distribution center South Carolina.

Using computer generated 3D models to extract the project quantities for the estimates and then develop resource utilization curves based on anticipated hours to generate earned hour reports and forecasts based on schedule utilizing Excel spreadsheets. 

Developed Primavera construction schedules, with interfaces to the engineering schedules and the procurement and expediting schedules.



January 2013 – August 2014 – Contractor for Sargent & Lundy, Chicago. IL

Project Controls Specialist assigned to the S&L project management team during a major expansion of the NSA’s operational capabilities at their Ft. Meade headquarters near Baltimore, Maryland.  Used  Primavera P6/ P7 to track the EPC progress of all contractors participating in the program.



Schedule engineering to drive petitions to Federal, State, environmental, county, city, military, wildlife sanctuary, and other agencies and for engineering schedules to support providing all documentation required for hearings to be scheduled and later, final documentation for the permits to be issued.



Schedule engineering to drive the contracting of specialty engineering and construction/ installation of underground substations and high voltage underground cables throughout the area to provide un-interruptible power to the NSA’s East Campus expansion.



August 2012 – Dec, 2012 – Contractor for CH2M-Hill, Spartanburg, SC.

Project Controls Specialist assigned to the InterCat petroleum catalyst plant expansion of their Savannah, GA plant. P6 scheduling and cost of the engineering design, equipment pricing and procurement, site construction contracting and implementation of that site plan during construction and start-up. 



Apr. 2012 – July 2012 - Contractor for Sargent & Lundy, Inc, Chicago, IL, 

Project Controls Specialist on short-term assignment to analyze the approach, procedures and execution of work processes used at the CANDU Nuclear Station in New Brunswick, Canada. Recommending changes to stop budget and schedule degradation during the completion, validation and testing prior to fuel load.



Nov. 2009 – Nov. 2011 – Contractor for RCS Corp., Aiken, SC at the Catawba Nuclear Station

Assigned as the Project Controls Lead for Major Projects as Estimator at Catawba for Major Projects   Duties were to produce conceptual, budgetary and definitive estimates and life-cycle EPC schedules for Major Projects. Track design progress and earned values for capital and O & M projects using WinEst, Primavera P6, and Excel spreadsheet programs.  Use cost data from the cost group to compare actual expenditures against the estimate and develop curves showing trends and explanations as to why costs and schedule vary from expected and the corrective action needed to recapture the current extimate or the baseline schedule.



Apr. 2005 - Aug. 2009 - Contractor for Vilinc Solutions, Plano Texas at the following sites:

Project Controls Lead as Estimator - Assigned to assess and validate estimates for EPU upgrade of Nine Mile Point reactor and associated steam systems.

Project Controls Lead - Assigned to the Alliant Energy corporate offices, Madison, WI, to oversee and manage engineering capital project current estimates and schedules.  At power plant sites to manage EPC contractors performance and schedules during the rebuild of the 6th Street and the “C” Street Stations. At wind farms to schedule the estimating, engineering, contracting and erection work at the Whispering Willow Wind Farm (121 units).

Project Controls Specialist - Assigned project controls estimator and scheduler at the VC Summer Nuclear Station, Jenkensville, SC to develop project estimating and integrated scheduling methodology using MSCS and Primavera P6.3 scheduling software.

Project Controls Specialist - Assigned as the project control specialist at Wisconsin Power in Green Bay, to upgrade their scheduling methodology for their nuclear and fossil power plants.  



Jun. 2004 – Dec. 2004 - Contractor for The Automation Group, Houston Texas at the Nichols                                          	Station in Amarillo, TX.

Project Controls Specialist – Assigned to refine the current estimate and develop the plan and schedule for the overhaul of the turbine, the generator and main / auxiliary steam systems replacing their pneumatic controls systems with a complete digital system, including a totally digital control room.



Nov. 1999 – Apr. 2004 employed by Jacobs Engineering, Greenville, as a Project Controls 

Specialist

Project Controls Specialist - Assigned as BOP Project Manager managing the budget and schedules during the construction of an Intel microchip manufacturing plant in Leixlip, Ireland.

Project Controls Specialist - Assigned to assist Foxboro Controls in London to develop their engineering and implementation budget and schedules for two pharmaceutical plants in Ireland.

Project Control Specialist - Assigned as the Planner/ Scheduler for the chemical and pharmaceutical plant retrofits and plant modular fabrication at the Eli Lilly in Puerto Rico.

Project Controls Specialist - Assigned to manage the budget and the project schedule for the design of a DOD biochemical weapon deactivation plant.

Project Manager - Assigned to plan and implement major retrofits at the GE Gas Turbine Plant.

Area Manager – Manage the plant expansion/ retrofit schedules at the BMW automobile assembly plant in Greer, SC.



For resume information prior to this date I would be pleased to submit it upon request.\n
AMANDEEP SAINI

916-905-6594

Amansaini86@gmail.com





SUMMARY

Extensive expertise in Installation, Configuration, Trouble-Shooting and Maintenance of WebLogic Server 7.0/8.1/9.x/10.x/11g, Apache Web Server on different UNIX flavors and environments.

Extensive experience in creating multiple domains, setting up machine, managed server.

Strong experience in configuring Node Manager to start and stop managed servers from Admin console.

Extensive experience in Cluster Configuration - Horizontal or Vertical Cluster, Multiple Clusters and Deployment over clusters.

Deploying J2EE Application archives (JAR, WAR, EAR and RAR) and Web-Based/E-Commerce on Web Logic Application Server and JBOSS 4.x/5.

Hands on experience on administrative tools like Administration Console, WLST and Command line interface.

Expertise in installing Oracle WebLogic Server in Console, Graphical and Silent modes.

Deployed EAR, JAR, WAR and J2EE applications on Managed Servers and Clustered Environments using Console and Auto Deployment Scripts.

Strong experience using Weblogic Deplorer utility to deploy and un-deploy application across weblogic cluster.

Configured JDBC Connection Pool and Multipools with Oracle, DB2 and SQL Server.

Extensive experience in production environments, involved performance tuning, tweaking the JVM parameter, Threads, size of the connection pools.

Expertise in WebLogic Administration, Monitoring and Troubleshooting using Admin Console and JMX.

Web Servers - Apache, configured with standalone Managed Servers and Clusters of managed servers.

Experience configuring LDAP using Sun ONE Directory Server for user authentication and authorization.

Basic Knowledge of WLST, Jython Script for configure various WebLogic Components/Services.

Experience in finding the Memory Leaks and adjusting the JVM Heap Sizes and GC Parameters.

Monitored Third party profiling tools - Wily Introscope.

Experience in 24x7 on-call production support and trouble-shooting problems related to Weblogic Server.

Very good knowledge on Windows and UNIX Administration.



SKILLS

Application Servers

WebLogic8.1/9.2/10.2/10.3, Tomcat

Operating Systems

Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4/5/6, Oracle Enterprise Linux 5, Windows Sever 2003/2008.

J2EE Technologies

T3, T3S, Http, Https









EXPERIENCE

Hewlett Packard – Rancho Cordova, CA   

March 2015 – Present

Middleware Administrator/AWS Solution Architect 

Installing and configuring WebLogic Server 10.3.6.

Performed WebLogic server administration tasks like configuring Managed servers and setup cluster environment.

Migrate exiting weblogic Stack to Jboss EAP6.x and EAP5.X. 

Configure Jboss in various mode. 

Configure install apache 2.2.X on Linux and windows environment. 

Configured Node Manager for running managed servers.

Deployed various WAR, JAR, EAR applications in clustered environment.

Making code releases to all the environments in the organization.

Developed startup and shutdown scripts for the servers.

Implemented server groups and clusters in WebLogic server.

Configured and setup Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for Data encryption and client authentication.

Configured Node Manager for administration of Managed Servers.

Developed scripts for deploying applications in different environments with error handling.

Troubleshooting any issues that arise during the release or deployment process.

Developed scripts to monitor JDBC Connection Pool Status, JVM Heap Size, JMS Messages in the destination queues in the production environment.

Coordinating the Development and testing teams during the release process with the release team.

Monitoring the startup logs for any exceptions or errors. Performing regular health

Create/Manage users using IAM in AWS console 

Create/Configure S3 Bucket and apply permission policy. 

Set up life cycle for S3 Bucket and archive old objects to Glacier. 

Configure CDN for some buckets to make them available for various edge location. 

Launch configure windows/Linux EC2 instances.

Implement/Manage EC2 instances firewall rules.  

Install configure vagrant to manage VMs . 

Install/Configure Ansible to automate change management 

Worked as junior web developer, I am currently taking more classes on C#, CS3, JavaScript and Xamarin.form to support my current role at the company.  

Provided 24/7 on calls Production Support 







Cisco – San Jose, CA          

October 2014 – March2015

Weblogic Administrator

Weblogic Administrator responsible for administering Weblogic Server across multiple environments.

Basic knowledge of IIS Server and TAP file deployment on IIS server

Performed WebLogic server administration tasks like configuring Managed servers and setup cluster environment.

Configured Node Manager for running managed servers.

Experience in analyzing the proxy server log in comparison with WebLogic logs to narrow down the malformed request.

Support multiple WebLogic 10.3.6 Servers and J2EE applications in diversified environment.

Upgrading JDK and tuning JDK for JVM instances' security and performance.

Troubleshooting everyday problems and issues by interacting with developer and testing teams and provided 24x7 On Call Production support on rotation basis.

Deployed various J2EE and enterprise applications (WAR, JAR, RAR, EAR) on managed servers and cluster environment and maintained Load Balancing, High Availability and Failover.

Knowledge on Oracle Enterprise Manager Application Server control.

Working Knowledge of SOA.

Knowledge of CAIC platform and automation tools.

Extensive knowledge of Cisco service portal.

Extensive knowledge in creating new service, assign role, and responsibilities.

Knowledge of creating process.

Extensive knowledge of Cisco Prime Orchestra (CPO).

Extensive knowledge of Remedy tool

Knowledge of Oracle Database client Toad.

Knowledge of Cisco Process Orchestrator Console



Johnson and Johnson – Cincinnati, OH                          

May 2012 – October 2014           

Middleware Administrator

Weblogic Administrator responsible for administering Weblogic Server across multiple environments.

Install and configure Weblogic 10.3.6 on Red Hat Linux and Microsoft Windows server 2003/2008.

Performed WebLogic server administration tasks like configuring Managed servers and setup cluster environment.

Configured Node Manager for running managed servers.

Experience configuring Apache HTTP Server 2.0 and configured plugin's for Apache HTTP server to proxy the request for WebLogic server.

Troubleshooting and fixing defects found during Application upgrades and Server Migration.

Performed migration and up gradation tasks like upgrading WebLogic server 10.2 to WebLogic 10.3.6 and updating JDK's and installing service packs and patches for WebLogic Server.

Support multiple WebLogic 10.3.6 Servers and J2EE applications in diversified environment.

Upgrading JDK and tuning JDK for JVM instances' security and performance.

Troubleshooting everyday problems and issues by interacting with developer and testing teams and provided 24x7 On Call Production support on rotation basis.

Deployed various J2EE and enterprise applications (WAR, JAR, RAR, EAR) on managed servers and cluster environment and maintained Load Balancing, High Availability and Failover.

Created bash and ksh scripts to monitor domains, recycle clusters, monitor disk space, monitor number of Apache connections, and ran them as cronjobs for timely running programs Configured JNDI as repository for EJB Home stubs, JDBC data source, JMS connection factories, queues and topics.

Configured and administered JDBC Connection pools/multi-pools/ data sources on WebLogic.

Involved in monitoring error logs, troubleshooting and fixing the problems.

Handled Memory issues, such as application leak, WebLogic leak and sun java bug by tuning and profiling memory with third party tools.

Implemented security by configuring Secured Socket Layer (SSL) for client authentication and data encryption.

Developed and run UNIX shell scripts and implemented auto deployment process.

Solved server hang issues such as Deadlock, Application and Database level lock by taking thread dump and analyzed to get the root cause of the hang.

Heap Analyzer for detecting blocking and locked threads.

Implemented standard backup procedures for both application and WebLogic server.

Involved in assisting QA team in Load and Integration testing of J2EE applications on WebLogic Server.



Telephone and Data Systems

February 2010 – April 2012

Middleware Administrator

Installing and configuring WebLogic Server 10.3.6.

Installing and configuring Concept wave Order Care Tool.

Deployed various WAR, JAR, EAR applications in WebLogic clustered environment.

Deployed xmls and wsdls via Order Care tool into the Database.

Responsible to administer around 4 different products deployed in 5 different stacks which all contains about 150 Physical Boxes, 12VMs and 450 JVMs.

Performed Tomcat Server administration tasks such as Installation, Configuration, Monitoring and Performance Tuning.

Making agile code releases to all the environments (DEV, QA, INT, STAG, and PROD) in the organization.

Troubleshoot operational problems and issues, escalate problems to software vendors when necessary, and provide system diagnostics to vendor for problem analysis and resolution.

Involved in assisting QA team in Load and Integration testing of J2EE applications on Application Server.

Worked with development, offshore and onsite teams to support build and release cycles with proper documentation.

Developed startup and shutdown scripts for the servers.

Develop Reports on the Performance and Capacity of Supported environments.

Develop scripts to monitor the JMS, JDBC configuration and EAR deployed in WebLogic.

Installing of HTTP plugins for Apache

Performed migration and up gradation tasks like upgrading WebLogic server 10.2 to WebLogic 10.3.6 and updating JDK's and installing service packs and patches for WebLogic servers.

Built completed DR from scratch for the existing Production environment in case of fail-over.

Configured realms, users, groups and roles.

Creating Firewall, DNS, GSLB and Load Balancer Tickets.

Implemented server groups and clusters in WebLogic Server.

Configured and setup Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for Data encryption and client authentication.

Configured Node Manager for administration of Managed Servers.

Developed scripts for deploying applications in different environments with error handling. Troubleshooting any issues that arise during the release or deployment process.

Documenting all errors and providing RCA.

Experience in analyzing the proxy server log in comparison with WebLogic logs to narrow down the malformed request.

Monitoring OSB, WebLogic and Apache logs such as Access, SSL and Application logs.

Developed scripts to monitor JDBC Connection Pool Status, JVM Heap Size, and JMS Messages in the destination queues in the production environment.

Coordinating the Development and Testing teams during the release process with the release team.

Monitoring the startup logs for any exceptions or errors. Performing regular health

checks for the servers in the all environments.

Provide system administration, support, and tuning of a complex distributed environment.

Provide preventative maintenance and proactive tuning while also working in partnership with Application Support Teams on the day-to-day troubleshooting of this environment.

Configured and Enabled Secure Sockets Layers (SSL) on WebLogic servers for data encryption and client authentication via Java Keytool.

Troubleshooting everyday problems and issues by interacting with developer and testing teams and provided 24x7 On Call Production support on rotation basis.\n
Muhammad Kamran Khan

Mkkhan31@yahoo.com

Cell# (313) 334-0456





Professional Summary



Over six (6+) year experience in IT infrastructure administration and Engineering.

Expertise in several flavors of Linux including Red Hat 6x, 7x, CentOS and Ubuntu.

Experience with Desktop OS (Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 10). Servers OS (Windows 2003, 2008 and 2012).

Expertise in wide range of IT disciplines specializing in Oracle WebLogic Application Server, maintenance, integration of servers with web servers.

Experience in installation, configuration, deployment and management of Enterprise J2EE Applications in clustered and non-clustered environment using various Application servers including Oracle WebLogic Application server.

TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, VPN, WINS, SMTP, NFS, VMware vSphere.

Configuration of Cisco routers, hubs and switches.

Avira AntiVirus, Symantec Antivirus, Bitdefender, Microsoft Security Essentials, Malwarebytes, Avast, AVG, PC Tools Firewall Plus, Antivirus for Linux.





Technical Skill Sets:



Operating Systems:

Red HAT Linux 6x, 7x, Sun Solaris, Centos 7x,  Windows Server  2003, 2008, and 2012 Server



Hardware:



Middleware:

Oracle WebLogic Application Server 11g,  WebSphere Application server 5.x, 6.x, 7.x, 8.x, WebSphere Commerce, JBOSS 6x, Tomcat 6/7/8.



Languages:

C, Java, VisualBasic, and HTML/XML



Professional Experience

Beyond Management Group, Inc.

Norcross, GA 

Joined again Jan-2017 to current

Before, August-2008 to March-2012

Linux & WebLogic Admin

Installation, Administration and Configuration of WebLogic Application Server 9.2/10.3 on Redhat Enterprise 5.5

Used Tomcat 6 as servlet container for various in house web applications

Configuration and Maintenance of JDBC, JMS, JNDI and other J2EE Services with WebLogic 9.2/10.3.

Configured Apache as proxy WebLogic Application Servers.

JNDI repository configuration for EJB Home stubs, JDBC Data source, JMS connection factories and queues.

Involved with Development, QA and build release team for Application Deployment (WAR, JAR, EAR) in Clustered WLS domain environments to achieve High Availability and Fail-over.

Maintained Shell scripts and WLST for deployment of application code to Development, System Test and Production environments (Clustered).

Performed performance tuning of WLS for optimal performance by optimizing the Java memory settings and GC parameters. Also used other tuning techniques like using work managers for prioritizing tasks, using native muxers for incoming requests and setting up network channels for optimal WLS performance.

Node manager configuration for administering and remote starting Managed Servers.

Upgrade of WebLogic 9.2 to WebLogic 10.3 by smart tools.

Installation, configuration and administration of JBoss AS6

Install, configure and administer BEA weblogic Server 11g in various environments.

Install and configure Apache web server.

Deployed the applications on multiple Weblogic Servers and maintained loadbalancing, high availability and Failover functionalities.

Troubleshooting application issues using log analysis, thread dump analysis and heap dump analysis.

	Performance Analysis of WebLogic 10.3 Server using Wily Interscope



Royal Diamonds Co. 

From April-2007-April-2008					

Systems Admin

	Involvement with the customer care and deployment teams in trouble shooting and fixing day-to-day problems of the applications in production on 24/7 schedule.

	Migration from WebLogic 7.0 to WebLogic 8.1.

	Administration and configuration of WebLogic 8.1 in deployment and production environments.

	Application deployment (WAR, JAR, EAR).

	Development and maintenance of Shell scripts that facilitate the administration of BEA WebLogic.

	Configuration and clustering of WebLogic Application Servers.

	Load balancing and performance tuning.

	Troubleshooting WebLogic server connection pooling and connection manager with Oracle 8i, and DB2.

	Testing and profiling to measure the performance of the applications.

	Conducted performance and scalability audits of applications and the application servers.

	Administration and monitoring of WebLogic admin and managed servers.

	Shell scripting to automate the maintenance process of the WebLogic server and recover the backed-up WebLogic configuration.

	Creation of SSL and Digital Certificates for requesting, generating and the implementation of the communication link between the web server and the application server.

Network Solution Provider

From Jan-2004 to Jan-2007 				

Network / System Admin

Coordinate, schedule and execute installation of periodic upgrades

Installing, configuring, administration web applications like WebSphere Server 6.0 on Solaris.

Plan, coordinate and execute maintenance/feature release installations adhering to the Change Control and Release Management Processes.

Performance and fine-tuning of the Tuxedo/CORBA WLE 5.1 domain’s application services.

Resolving the Production/Non-production related Trouble Reports / Incident Reports, conducting root cause

Analysis and plan necessary process improvement.

Installing, Upgrading and maintenance of Patch and Package Installations in development, Pre-Production and Production environments.

Configuring the Solaris kernel parameters for the ATLYS Application.

Troubleshooting of NFS & NIS File System problems.

System/Application resource monitoring and troubleshooting (like file system space, IPC resources, CPU, Swap Space)

Regular monitoring of file system, daemons, server transaction capacities using tools like BMCPatrol.

Ensure backups of critical files are scheduled and completed.

Taking part in the Change Control Board discussions representing the SA team.

Maintenance and configurations of online and/or real time interfaces



Human Resources Network at Verizon Wireless and other clients

Los Angeles, CA. From May-2002 to Oct-2003				

Systems Engineer

Unix and Windows Client Administration

Operating System Installations and Configuration

Solaris Installation on SPARC

Installation Tools Include Jumpstart, Custom Jumpstart

Linux OS Installation on Intel

Most of the Crash Recovery Problems Using fsck and disk checking

Managing Server Performances

Monitoring System Performance using netstat, snoop

Adding Swap Space for Solaris and Linux

System and Kernel Log Management using syslog

Performance Tuning with Kernel parameters

System Hardware Setup

Printer Setup, modems, scanners and other peripherals installations.

Prepares necessary reports & System Documentation

DHCP Setup

Server Configuration

BOOTP Relay Agent Configuration

Client Configuration

DNS Setup

Primary Server setup

Secondary server setup



Education & Certification:



University of Karachi Bachelor of Science (B.Sc)

Associate Degree in Computer Science, Wayne County Community College, Detroit, MI

Associate Degree in Computer Networking, Wayne County Community College, Detroit, MI



CISCO Certified Network Associate (CCNA)

Microsoft Certified System Engineer (MCSE)\n
Kester Enahoro

kenahoro@aol.com

4044018919            								



PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY



Having a total of  5+ years’ experience in I.T industry and 5+ years’ experience in WebLogic administration 

Experienced in installation, server configuration, deployment, and performance tuning including trouble shooting and maintenance of Oracle WebLogic Server 10.1.3, 10.3.5, 10.3.6, 12c

Migration experience with WebLogic Application server 

Experienced in deploying applications (WAR, JAR, and EAR) in stand-alone domain and clustered environments.

Experienced in Configuration, remote managed server start and stop

Experienced in installing SSL Certificates on various Web Servers and BEA Weblogic Application Server 

Expert in Investigating and resolving performance issues by taking thread dump, GC values and heap dump and analyzing this dumps with the development group.

Familiar with Microsoft Internet Information Server

Familiar with configuring LDAP in weblogic

Experience with Hp performance manager, sitescope and app dynamics to monitor servers

Solid experience in deploying the applications on multiple Weblogic Servers and maintaining Load balancing and High availability.

Experience in writing WLST scripts for deployment, start and stop servers

Extensively working experience on clustering, performance tuning (JVM options, Load Runner) load balancing, connection pool, multi pool, JMS message Queue and Monitoring.

Experience in finding the Memory Leaks and adjusting the JVM Heap Sizes and GC Parameters.

Experience in implementing Fail-Over, Fail-Back and Backup strategies for Weblogic environments and Implementing WebLogic best practices for Deployments, System configuration, capacity planning, Infrastructure architecture, fail over, backup and recovery, scalability, and security

Excellent knowledge of writing UNIX Shell Scripts to automate System Admin jobs.

Knowledge of various protocols such as TCP/IP, HTTP, HTTPS and SOAP.

Familiar with  Databases like Oracle 11g, MS SQL Server 2000/7.x 

Configured Web Server plug-ins (APACHE) for the Web Logic server.

Experience in Implementing JMS using single and distributed queues

Provided 24 X 7 technical supports for applications running on Weblogic.

Effective communication with client, cross-functional teams to achieve project priorities/timelines.

Environments: JDK 1.4, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, LDAP, JDBC, JMS, XML, Oracle 10g, 11g, WebLogic Server 11g R1, WebLogic Portal, Sun Solaris, Linux, Windows.



EDUCATION

B.Sc, AAS



TECHNICAL SKILLS



Platforms: Windows XP, Window7 and 8, Linux                                           

Languages: XML, JSP, UNIX Shell, SQL

Packages: J2EE, JDK 1.1/1.2/1.3/1.4/1.5/1.6/1.7/1.8

Databases: Oracle 10g, 11g, SQL

Tools: BPM, Sitescope,AppDynamics

Authentication Tools: Ldap, , Siteminder 

Web Servers: Sun One, Apache, Microsoft IIS, 

Application Servers: WebLogic 9.X, 10.x.x, Tomcat

Protocols: TCP/IP, SNMP, POP/SMTP, HTTP, FTP







PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Optimum Tech, Atlanta Ga.								July 2014- Till Date	

Weblogic Administrator

Performed WebLogic Server Administration tasks such as Installation, Configuration, Monitoring, Performance Tuning and Load balancing.

Promptly responding to alerts and finding solutions 

Review and Maintain logs of production failures and resolutions

Expertise in Configuring SSL between Sun One web server and WebLogic application server.

Involved with the customer care and deployment teams in troubleshooting and fixing day-to-day problems of the applications in production.

Documented environment design and procedures and process for restarting application keeping in mind all the dependencies etc. for entire team and offshore resources.

Deployments of codes for Enterprise releases and off cycle releases



Configuring SSL with the Microsoft Internet Information Server, apache server and Tomcat 

Deployment and Troubleshooting of JAR, WAR and EAR applications in clustered environment with WebLogic.

Configured and administered JDBC Connection Pools/Data Sources/Multi Pools on WebLogic Server 11gR1 (10.3.4, 10.3.5, 10.3.6), 12c (12.1.1)

Worked with development and testing teams to support build and release cycles. 

Populated Users, Groups and roles in LDAP Directory server security repository.

Work with sitescope to monitor the weblogic servers to ensure performance. 

Setup WebLogic domain with a single server instance for developers on their windows machines.

Performed thread dump analysis.

Working and helping in planning team resources for weekend work.

Providing on-call support.





             Walmart Inc					December 2012– July 2014

              WebLogic Administrator

Built the middleware team from scratch for a long term project.

Deployed WAR, JAR, EAR files on WebLogic 10.3.4

Upgraded WebLogic 8.x to WebLogic 10.3.4

Researched and troubleshot emerging application related issues from WebLogic configuration to code issues.

Strong knowledge in deployments, configuration and troubleshooting Tomcat issues.

Involved in migration of various Apache/Tomcat applications from Solaris to Linux.

Supported on call schedule for production support.

Delegated, monitored and did hands on work to meet and beat deadlines.

Troubleshoot WebLogic Server connection pooling and connection manager with Oracle, SQL.

Maintenance of remedy system for ticket management. 

Writing and maintaining shell, for simplifying and automating tasks.

Configured clustering EJB objects, JDBC connections and JMS connection factories.

Created Distributed JMS topics and queues.

Good understanding of applications using Distributed JMS systems.

Set up proxies in Apache for redirecting requests to Tomcat or WebLogic.

Upgraded apache to newer versions. 

Motivated team to help their performance and meet deadlines.

Helped the members to achieve their short and long term career goals.

Installed, configured and maintained BEA WebLogic 10g, WebLogic 11g on Linux also configured LDAP for user and system authentication.

Responsible for Administration of BEA WebLogic 10g, 11g, in Deployment and Production environments.

Involved in Load balancing and Performance tuning and monitoring using monitoring tool for various projects.\n
Saleem Khan	                                               

Cell:  469-294-0705

Email:  abdulsaleemkhan1974@gmail.com

					

	Summary

	Over 8+years of extensive experience as Weblogic/System Administrator in major e-commerce, Insurance, Government on design, development, implementation and maintenance of Enterprise Applications.

	Installed, Configured JBoss Application Server 4.0/5.0 on Windows , Linux , Solaris and Provided support.

	Implemented Weblogic Server 6.x, 7.x, 8.x, 9.x, 10.x, on various multifarious environments like Sun Solaris, Windows XP/NT/2000/98, Red Hat Linux, HP-UX, and IBM AIX.

	Hands on experience on administrative tools like Administration Console, WLST and Command line interface 

	Installed BEA Weblogic Server in Console, Graphical and Silent modes.

	Expertise in SUN Solaris, Sun One Web Server, Apache HTTP Server, Apache Tomcat, Microsoft IIS Server, Oracle 8/9/10g, Veritas Suite, DNS, NFS, NIS and Application administration/Monitoring. 

	Expertise in deploying J2EE components on BEA WebLogic Application Server.

	Deployed EAR, JAR, WAR and J2EE applications on Managed Servers and Clustered Environments using Console and Auto Deployment Scripts.

	Managed and administered domains, node manager, administrative servers, managed servers in BEA WebLogic server.

	Configured and Administered JDBC connection pools and JMS connection Factories

	JDBC Connection Pool and Multipool configuration with Oracle

	Implemented various services like JTA, SNMP, Message Bridging and Virtual Hosts

	Configured and managed secure environments like SSL and Digital Certificates

	Implemented Security Services under various Realms of Weblogic Server

	Monitored performance using Load Runner, Wily Introscope and JMeter

	Configured Clusters for load-balancing and fail-over solutions

	Worked on ticketing tools like Peregrine, Remedy, SBM, CA Service Desk Manager

	Experience in writing UNIX Shell Scripts using commands like awk, sed, tcsh, bash, ksh and Perl to automate administrative jobs.

	Upgradation and Migration of WebLogic server versions in development, testing and production environment and applying patches. 

	WebLogic Administration, Monitoring and Troubleshooting using Admin Console and JMX.





Technical Skills



Operating Systems        :      Unix-Solaris 8/10, Red Hat Linux, Novell Linux, HP-UX, IBM-AIX,                                                        Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista.

Programming Languages :   Java, VisualBasic.

Scripting Languages      :     Perl, WLST, Jython, WLShell, Shell Scripting, Java Script.

Database                        :     Oracle 8i/9i/10g,  Point base, Access.

J2EE Technologies         :    Servlets, JSP, EJB, Struts, JMS, JDBC, ODBC, JTA, JMX, JNDI, RMI          AWT, Swing, Applets.

Web Technologies          :   HTML, XML, XSL, DHTML, CSS

Web Servers                   :   Tomcat, iPlanet EE 4.0, Microsoft IIS 5.1, Apache HTTP server

Middle Ware                   :  WebSphere Application Server, MQ Series, AquaLogic Data Services,

                                          Maven, Wiley Introscope

B2BTOOLS                      :   XML Spy 2.0.                                   

Protocols                        :   OSI, TCP/IP, POP3, AIX, AS2, Telnet, SSH, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, SNMP,      LDAP, DNS, DHCP, ARP, SSL

Packages                        :   MS FrontPage 98/2000, Adobe Products, MS Office.

                                    

Professional Experience





US Dept. Of Veterans Affairs, Hines , Il	                                        	Sept’12 – Current

Weblogic Administrator



	Experience in installing Network Deployment Package of WAS in different Operating Systems.

Installed and configured IBM HTTP Server and generated plug-in files.

Performing application deployments using EAR / WAR files, as requested by the application teams on the respective environments.

Federated multiple nodes to the Deployment Manager.

Experience in setting up of Nodes, data sources, Virtual host and configuration of Web Sphere Application Server.

	Installation and configuration of Weblogic 11g/12c/Tomcat 7.0/Apache 2.2/Siteminder R12 on Linux servers.

	Deployment and troubleshooting of JAR, WAR, and EAR files in domain and clustered environments.

Upgradation of WebLogic servers in development, testing and production environment, also applying patches and service packs.

	Performance Tuning including Thread Dump Analysis, Core Dump Analysis when Server crashed unevenly.

	Deployed applications (WAR, JAR, and EAR) in Domain and Clustered environments of WebLogic 11g and 12c.

	Administration and Configuration of WebLogic Sever and Portal 10.3 & 11g in Development and Production environments in Linux and Windows Platforms.

	Implementing process flow for Application Infrastructure like requesting load balancing URL’s and setting up firewall rules.

	Handling Security Issues like SSL certs installation /up gradation for Web/App servers.

	Tuned, Managed and Monitored the JVM performance by adjusting Heap size, garbage collection and JDBC pools.

	Configured database connectivity using JDBC and Connection pools.

Configured WebSphere resources like JDBC providers, JDBC data sources, connection pooling.

Successful implementations of Work Load Management (WLM) using clustering techniques.

Administering and monitoring tasks related to the support of Web Sphere Application Server (WAS) in Linux and Windows Environment.

Configured and Enabled the Global Security System WAS Administration for console users and console Groups.

Enabling SSL Security in Web Environments for IBM HTTP Server & WebSphere application Server.

Installed and configured MQ Series server on Windows 2000, Windows 2003, and Linux.
Created MQ Series objects on local and remote MQ servers.

Using security exists and channel exists for providing security to MQ Objects.

Created and configured MQ Objects like Queue Managers, Remote Queues, Local Queues, and Queue Aliases.

Designed distributed queuing client server architectures and configured MQ.

Enabling triggering on queues.

Involved in Clustering of Queue Managers.

Involved in MQ Backup & Recovery process.



	Environment: WAS 8.X, WebSphere MQ 6.X, Web logic 10.3.6/12c, Weblogic portal 10, Apache 2.2,JBOSS 5.0,Tomcat 7.0/8, F5 BIG-IP load balancers, Solaris 9/10, Linux 8.1, Siteminder R12, Windows Server 2008/2012,  Wily, IIS 6/7, Java and Web Services.



Philadelphia Insurance , Philadelphia, PA	                                        Sept ’09 – Jul 12

Jr.Weblogic Administrator



Responsibilities: 



Installed and configured WLS domains for Weblogic 10.3 and provided support.

Worked on Unix Command line utilities and has hands on experience on Unix commands to support the Environment.

Installed and Configured JBoss Application Server 5 in Dev,Test,PPE and Provided support.

Deployed WAR files in JBoss AS 5 and Provided support.

Configured JDBC connection pools in JBoss AS 5

			Deployed various WAR, JAR, EAR applications including JDBC, JMS on Weblogic Server 10.3.  

Involved in Upgradation and Migration from Weblogic 8.1 to Weblogic 10.3.

Applied patches and installed Maintenance Packs using Smart Update.

	Installed and configured WebLogic, Apache and Sun One Web Servers during the Data Center Server migration

Installed and upgraded Apache 2.2 version and implemented the proxy plug-in for the Weblogic 10.3.

			Deployed applications on multiple Weblogic Servers and maintained Load balancing, 

			     High availability and Fail over functionality.

	Configured Clustering of EJB objects, JDBC connections and JMS connection factories. 

	Configured LDAP using Sunone directory Server for user authentication 

	Configured Node manager for administration of Admin server and Managed servers. 

	Configured and deployed applications in various work environments like QA, Development, and Production. 

	Trouble shooted applications using Weblogic console and WebLogic Command-Line in highly competitive environment.

Used Ant build scripts, Unix shell scripts to deploy the applications.

Invoked WLST to create domains, controlled the servers, created JDBC connection pools using WLST command line.

Configured Global and Admin Authenticator in the Weblogic console and configured the Realm.

Experience in handling network resources and protocols such as TCP/IP, Ethernet, DNS, DHCP.

Provided Migration configuration for transactions, security, services, JMS Servers and services while transitioning from development to production environment

Worked on one way and two way SSL certificates for Weblogic  Servers

	Identified and resolved application/infrastructure problems and provided performance tuning services.



 Environment:Solaris10, Weblogic Server 8.1, 9.2 and 10.3, Apache, Active Directory, JDK,  Servlets, JSPs, EJBs, JMS, Oracle9i, HTML, XML, BigIP, LDAP, SOA.

                











Abbott Laboratories , Columbus , OH                                         Apr’08 –  Aug’09

Jr.Weblogic Administrator.  



Responsibilities: 



Installation, Configuration, Troubleshooting and Maintenance of Web Logic Server 8.1 sp3/sp5, 9.2,10.3 and iPlanet 6.0 servers. 

Provide support to Production, UAT, Development environments

Installed and Configured JBoss 4.0 and Provided support.

Configured JDBC Connection pools, data sources using DB2, Oracle, My SQL, and BEA Type 4 drivers. Configured JMS Servers, distributed destinations, queues and topics. Configured Security authenticators, managed security realms

Maintaining clustered environment for various projects. Monitoring of application server using in-house tools like beamon, webmon etc., Managed various high profile projects

Installed and configured RSA Web Agent 5.2, RSA Clear Trust, RSA FIM for Web servers: I Planet, apache

Tuning of application server by modifying Execute Queue Thread / Sun JVM heap/ Jrockit JVM parameters

Patch installation to applications, and application server. Migration of 33 applications from Solaris to Linux with zero down-time. Upgrading WLS 8.1 from sp3 to sp5. Updating JDK to current DST changes in all environments

Updating and configuring SSL certs to Web Servers and Application Servers

Work closely with vendors to facilitate appropriate changes when needed. Identifying root causes for the outages and applying appropriate fixes of application team or BEA Support.

Deploying applications to various production environment using deployment tools. Automated various tasks using Shell scripts.

Documented various support procedures for applications. Documenting weekly meeting minutes for status reports. Created infrastructure diagrams using Visio.

Coordinating various support tasks among team members. Responsible for distributing tasks among team members. Host meetings for weekly status of developers, application functionality, certifications, and proposed tasks.

Worked on Aqua Logic Service Bus and integrated it with Web logic server for handling web services and SOAP requests.

Involved in 24/7 on-call support for production environment and UAT environment

Supported on call schedule on a rotation basis for Production Support

Installed and configured Web Sphere product such as Web sphere Commerce, Web Sphere MQ, Web Sphere Portal etc. 

Understudied ESB architecture and it's components in details. 

Enabled and configured payments framework in a company. 

Responsible for the installation of all web sphere products in a company. 





Environment: Solaris10, WebLogicserver8.1,9.1and10.2, IBM Web sphere Application server5.1, DB2, Oracle9i, Apache, web services, LDAP, JDK 1.5, SOA, JSP, Remedy, EJBs, JMS, I planet, Microsoft IIS, ASP, HTML, XML, Big IP.\n
Yiyang(Eric) Zhou
9530 Baltimore Ave, College Park, MD, 20740· (612) 516-2045 · yiyang.zhou@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information System

GPA:3.38

December 2017

Carlson School of Management, University of Minnesota, Twin Cities, MN
Bachelor of Science, Double Major in Accounting and Finance, Minor: Insurance
l

Cumulative GPA: 3.53/4.00

l

150 credits by B.S. Graduation. Dean’s List

2015

EXPERIENCE
Wells Fargo Home Mortgage
Loan Servicing Specialist，Minneapolis, MN
l

July 2015- May 2016

Reviewed bank notes, mortgage, loan modification documents and transaction history; Settled more than 10 cases
per day in average to save more than 200 homes per month by avoiding foreclosure

l

Analyzed settlement process and proposed improvement plans in monthly meetings; Implemented 8 changes in
checklist spreadsheet, increasing settlement efficiency by 12%

l

Obtained customer information and updated system records using various tools such as MSP and notary websites;
Processed more than 70 scrubs per day; Communicated with other departments to ensure information accuracy

Volunteer Tax Assistance Program
Tax Preparer, Minneapolis, MN
l

January 2015-April 2015

Collaborated with tax professionals in 5-day tax preparer training to attain tax return knowledge for both residents
and non-residents; Attained license of Tax Preparer Certificate from IRS

l

Communicated with more than 100 non-resident students; explained tax return process to clients; prepared more
than 120 tax documents and got approximately $5,000 dollars returned for 2014 tax season

U finance
Audit Team, Minneapolis, MN
l

October 2013-April 2015

Led a team of 3 to conduct audits of financial statement and vendor invoice for 5 different university student
organizations; Reviewed and vouched 200+ statement transactions to customer invoices and receipts

l

Collaborated with 5 student organization treasurers to retrieve transaction information, and trace transactions to
organizations’ general ledger by using excel model; Reconciled balance sheet and income statement of over $6,000

ADDITIONAL INFORMAITON
Big Data Project, Data Analyst
l

January 2017 – February 2017

Conducted sentiment analysis on 3000+ movie dataset using Twitter API; Wrote HTML script to develop 4 linked
front-end web page demonstration; Explored NLTK python packages to run text mining 1000+ movie comments

Data Mining Project, Data Analyst
l

January 2017- February 2017

Cooperated with 4 team members to research customers’ characteristics for bank marketing strategy; Built logistic
regression model to run predictive analysis; Cross validated model and achieved model accuracy of 76%

Database Management Project, Team Lead
l

November 2016- December 2016

Led a team of 4 to provide information system consulting to 3 clients on integrated information of universities;
Cleaned, scrubbed 6 data sheet of raw data and built back-end database for customized solution

Business Association of Multicultural Students，Supply Chain Team Member
l

August 2012-August 2013

Cooperated with 20 BAM members to host Angel Benefit Concert Charity event; Designed logistic processes for
Concert events; Raised fund of $14,000 for Habitat in Humanity in Minneapolis

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Languages: Native speaker in Mandarin and Cantonese; English;
Technical Skills: Proficient in MS Office Suite; Python; R; Tableau; SQL; Data Mining; HTML; SDLC

\n
Eduard Oganesyan
Columbus, OH 43016

Software QA tester

Summary
3+ years of experience in testing mobile and web-enabled applications (testing web-pages, Windows apps, iOS apps)
Develop comprehensive QA documentation based on the review of product requirement documents and functional specifications
Formal training in black box manual testing and information technology, starter skills in automated software testing
Excellent analytical, organizational and interpersonal skills
Strong team player with ability to work productively in a team as well as individually
Excellent time management skills and strong work ethics 
US Green Card Holder

Technical Skills
Platforms:  Windows 10/8/7/Vista/XP, Mac OS X
Mobile Platforms: Windows Phone, iOS, Android OS 
Languages: HTML, JavaScript, Java, 1C
Database: Microsoft Access, SQL
Test Automation: Selenium
Bug Tracking: Jira, Bugzilla
Browsers: MS Edge/Internet Explorer, Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, Opera

Work experience
01/14 – Present  Software QA Tester, LASTH Corp., Los Altos, CA
⦁ Testing of the mobile application for toddlers (for memory, attention training through scientific games)
⦁ Testing clients websites.
⦁ Working with specs and installation guidelines
⦁ Created and executed test cases.
⦁ Performed usability testing (accessibility of menu items, screen size, any problems related to scrolling, text selection, the back button, etc.
⦁ Validated application functionality on iOS platforms
⦁ Tested application behavior under various interruptions: battery strength level (full/medium/low), incoming calls, SMS, video calls
⦁ Analyzed software failures, reported issues to QA Lead 
⦁ Performed regression testing of weekly builds
⦁ Participated in regular project team meetings to discuss testing procedure and assignments


2013 - 2014  PC Assembler, Freedom USA, Cleveland, Ohio
⦁ Customized PC/laptops/servers(network) assembling/fixing
⦁ Software loading, testing OS/hardware software/video drivers
⦁ Benchmarking


2006 - 2012  Software QA Engineer / Tester, 1C, Moscow, Russia
⦁ Tested new releases / updates of the accounting software "1C". Functionality, usability.
⦁ Reporting and tracking issues (bugs).
⦁ Creating Test Plans, Test Cases, and other QA documentation based on the specs.
⦁ Daily meetings
⦁ Traveling
  
  
Education & Training
2012-2013  IT-Programming&Developing, Cuyahoga Community College, Cleveland, OH
1999           Bachelor of Computer Science, State University, Sukhum, Abkhazia\n
Liudmila Bolataeva

San Ramon, CA 94583

Mobile: (925) 895-4260

Email:	ludab70@gmail.com 



SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER



SUMMARY:

3+ years of experience in software Testing with exposure to the full development cycle

University degree in Mathematics

Background in Business Accounting

Experienced in formulating Test Plans, Test cases, Test Scenarios, and Test Approach

Proficient in developing use cases, user interface specifications, and user requirement specification documents

Good working knowledge of development process such as Waterfall and Agile methodology

Experienced in different Types of Testing - Integration, System, Functional, GUI, Regression, 

Performance, Sanity, Smoke and User Acceptance Testing (UAT)

Experienced in the preparation of test data and weekly status reports

Extensively experienced in writing SQL queries for Back-end testing

Hands-on experience with developing automation test scripts with Selenium WebDriver and 

TestNG

Strong experience in Mobile Applications testing (Android and iOS platforms) and Web testing 

Ability to work well in fast paced, dynamic team environment

Excellent verbal, written and analytical skills with ability to work in a team as well as individually

US Citizen



TECHNICAL SUMMARY:

Tools: 	Android SDK, ADB, Xcode, Putty, DB Solo, Oracle SQL, Firebug, XPath, Chrome Developer Tools, Burp Suite, IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse

Platforms:		Windows, macOS, Linux, iOS, Android OS

Programming:		HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, familiar with Java, SQL

Database:		Oracle, MySQL

Virtualization:		Oracle VirtualBox, VMware

Other:			TestRail, Jira, Bugzilla



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

12/16 – present Software QA Engineer, Onshorex, Santa Clara, CA

Developed Test Plan, Test Scripts and Test Strategy documents

Created, executed and maintained Test Cases in TestRail test case management tool 

Engaged with Development Team and provided feedback on Designs and clarified questions

Created & maintained Traceability Matrix to map with Requirements with Test cases and Defects

Performed GUI, Functional, System, Sanity, Positive and Negative, Integration, Regression, 

UAT and Back-end testing

Tested web application compatibility in many versions of Chrome, Firefox, Safari and Internet 

Explorer browsers

Tested Mobile Application in iOS and Android platforms 

Utilized Jira for bug verifications, reporting software defects and modification requests

Constructed SQL queries to validate the data

Provided daily status on test progression and defects status to Project team

Developed and executed regression automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG

Participated in various Agile Scrum Meetings





11/13 – 10/16	Software QA Tester, Embee Mobile, San Francisco, CA

Tested EmbeePay - the Facebook app. The application allows users to participate voluntarily in various marketing programs. In return users are able to earn EMBEE POINTS that they can redeem for free mobile service and content for their cell phones, as well as other products like gift cards from leading online retailers

Analyzed product requirements, design specification, use cases

Developed test plans and test strategy documents

Created, executed and updated Test cases for User-Admin tools and for the product features 

Created different campaigns in Offer-Admin Tool for targeted types of users for the testing purpose

Performed Regression, Acceptance, Functional, Usability, GUI, Cross-platform testing, Browser compatibility testing of entire web application after implementation of new features

Identified application issues and referred findings to appropriate person or team via Jira

Participated in project updates meetings, defect review meetings and defect report meetings





11/06 – 11/13 	Accountant, SCJ Insurance Services, Pleasanton, CA

Monthly general ledger entries and bank reconciliation of multiple accounts

Managed Full Cycle Accounts Payable. Set-up and maintenance of vendor accounts. Created and maintained file system to easily access vendor documents

Reviewed and reconciled vendor statements and invoices and coded to the appropriate accounts

Reviewed, recorded and processed employee expense reports. Reconciliation and timely payment of the company credit cards. Assisted customers regarding payment inquires and resolving related issues/matters

Ensured the timely month-end close of Account Payable. Monitored expenses to ensure compliance with budget by performing monthly variance analyses.



EDUCATION:

Unix/Linux, De Anza College, Cupertino, CA

Programming with C++, Las Positas College, Livermore, CA

Introduction to Java programming, Las Positas College, Livermore, CA

BS in Mathematics, North Ossetian State University, Vladikavkaz, Russia\n
Ashley P. Cheng
ashleypcheng@gmail.com

1246 Cresthaven Drive, Silver Spring, MD 20903

(301) 795-8386

EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
College Park, MD
 University Honors and Bachelor of Science Candidate, Computer Science
Expected May 2019
Springbrook High School
Silver Spring, MD
 International Baccalaureate Diploma Program and Academy of Information Technology Graduate
June 2015
 Cumulative Weighted GPA: 4.56; Unweighted GPA: 3.8

WORK EXPERIENCE
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, MD
Software Intern
June – July 2015
 Participated in the National Space Club Scholars Program under the direction of LaMont Ruley, Code 583, interning
in the Goddard Mission Services Evolution Center (GMSEC)
 Improved usability by integrating GMSEC documents into GMSEC Services Suite (GSS) using TiddlyWiki
 Simplified development by creating programs for GMSEC API’s Messaging Interface Standardization Toolkit (MIST)
to allow users to more quickly generate GMSEC Interface Specification Document compliant messages
National Association of Enrolled Agents, Washington, DC
Summer Intern
June – August 2014
 Assisted education department in preparing for the National Conference in Las Vegas, NV
 Updated the website and the database, edited Word documents and PowerPoints for Presentations in a Box, scanned
documents, sorted papers and graded tests

OTHER EXPERIENCE
Springbrook Women in Technology
President
June 2014 – June 2015
 Organized meetings, coordinated speakers, and hosted events, formerly vice president (August 2013 – May 2014)
 Mentored girls by teaching them how to code and helping them enter into technology competitions
Dreamers Co.
Programmer
January – May 2015
 Worked in a team of five girls to develop and publish “Catch Some Zzz’s”, a mobile application that would help
spread awareness of the dangers of sleep deprivation
 Entered in Technovation Challenge, an international app competition for women, and presented our application at a
regional pitch event
JANSI Entertainment
Programmer
September 2012 – March 2015
 Designed and programmed “Envision,” a smartphone text-adventure game that would help students discover what
career paths they should follow, winner of NFTE World Series of Innovation mobile game design category

TECHNICAL SKILLS
 Languages: Java, C, C++, HTML, C#, JavaScript, CSS
 Operating Systems: Mac OS X, Windows, UNIX

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
 Association for Women in Computing
 Attended Technica and Bitcamp
 Collegiate Directions, Inc.
 College access, retention, and support program for underrepresented students
 Model United Nations
 Varsity Volleyball, JV (2011, 2012)

FOREIGN LANGUAGE SKILLS
 Fluent in Fujianese, Intermediate in Spanish

August 2015 – Present
March 2014 – Present
September 2013 – May 2015
August 2013 – April 2015

\n
Rodrigo	Pimenta	
rodrigopineiropimenta@gmail.com|	9907	Marquette	Dr.		Bethesda,	MD,	20817	|	301-765-4895	
______________________________________________________________________________________________________	
Education:	
University	of	Maryland,	College	Park,	MD	 	
	
	
	
	
A.	James	Clark	School	of	Engineering	
B.S.	Computer	Engineering			 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
											Expected	December	2019	
• Current	GPA:	3.42/4.00	
ACES	Minor	
	
• A	selective	advanced	upper-level	cyber	security	honors	program,	which	emphasizes	on	hands-on	
experience	in	order	to	develop	practical	cyber	security	skills	through	coursework,	group	projects,	and	
research.		
Environment,	Technology,	and	Economy	Scholars	Honors	Program	
• Competitive	honors	program	that	explores	global	sustainability	through	class	time	and	first	hand	
experiences	with	environmental	relationships,	new	advances	in	technology,	and	the	environmental	impacts	
on	various	economic	sectors.	
______________________________________________________________________________________________________
Skills:	
Languages:	
	
Fluent	in	English,	Portuguese,	and	Spanish	
Computer	Skills:	
Proficient	in	JAVA,	C,	C++,	JavaScript,	Ruby,	Python,	Ocaml,	Matlab,	Verilog,	Microsoft	Excel,	
Microsoft	Word,	Microsoft	PowerPoint,	Autodesk	Inventor,	and	programming	in	a	UNIX	
environment.	
Relevant	Coursework:	 Object-Oriented	Programming	I-II,	Introduction	to	Computer	Systems,	Discrete	Structures,	
Organization	of	Programming	Languages,	Digital	Logic	Design,	Elements	of	Discrete	Signal	
Analysis,	Electric	Circuits,	Digital	Circuits	and	Systems	Laboratory,	Computer	Organization,	
Signal	and	System	Theory,	Analog	and	Digital	Electronics,	Electronic	Circuits	Design	Lab,	
Microeconomics,	Macroeconomics,	Chemistry	I,	Physics	I-II,	Calculus	I-III,	and	Differential	
Equations.	
______________________________________________________________________________________________________
Project	Experience:	
Over	Sand	Vehicle	Design	Project	
• Programmed	motors	and	sensors	with	Arduino	in	C++	to	move	the	autonomous	vehicle	through	a	
course	of	obstacles	and	to	obtain	dimensions	of	objects	in	a	terrain	of	sand.	
• Designed	circuits,	created	3D	drawings	of	wheels	and	gears	using	Autodesk	Inventor,	and	printed	
desired	components	using	Makerbot	3D	printers.	
CMS	Publisher	Security	Recommendation	Analysis	
• Created	machines	to	host	either	Wordpress	or	Joomla	with	different	levels	of	security	implementations.	
• Wrote	scripts	in	Bash	and	Python	and	collected	IP	address	of	requester,	timestamp,	type	of	request,	
file/domain	to	which	request	was	made	from	apache	logs	in	order	to	determine	which	security	
implementation	was	most	cost	effective.	
______________________________________________________________________________________________________	
Other	Activities:		
Study	Abroad.	Studied	abroad	in	Rome	for	an	academic	period.	
Diversity.	Born	in	Brazil	to	a	Brazilian	father	and	Spanish	mother.		Holds	Brazilian	and	Spanish	passports	and	is	
open	to	working	outside	of	the	US.	Holds	American	Permanent	Residency	and	does	not	require	work	visa	
sponsorship.	
Travel	Abroad.		Lived	in	Brazil.	Visited	Spain,	Mexico,	France,	Greece,	Italy,	Denmark,	Turkey,	and	other	countries.	
Volunteer.	Frequent	volunteer	at	the	Greentree	Shelter	for	Women.	Volunteered	for	60	hours	during	Summer	2016	
in	the	homeless	shelter’s	Finance	Department.	
YMCA	Bethesda-Chevy	Chase	Volunteer		(May-September	2013/2014).	Responsible	for	the	younger	class	of	thirty	
children	as	a	camp	counselor.	Conducted	swimming	lessons,	taught	basic	sports	rules,	and	led	group	games.	
Society	Memberships.	Pi	Kappa	Phi	Fraternity,	Alpha	Lambda	Delta	Honor	Society,	Primannum	Honor	Society,	
National	Society	of	Collegiate	Scholars,	Society	of	Hispanic	Engineers.	
Linkedin.	https://www.linkedin.com/in/rodrigo-pimenta-260534102	

\n
Prasanjit Chaudhuri

																

Professional Profile



With over 12 years of experience of System Development Life Cycle (SDLC), this individual process strong analytical and problem solving skills.  Strong ability to organized and have a positive on influence others. Creates a positive atmosphere and supports great efforts towards company’s goals and mission. 



Experience



T. Rowe Price, MD                                                                                              April 2012 – Dec 2016

Sr. Solutions/Systems Analyst                                                                                                     



Over the course of 4+ years at T. Rowe Price (TRP), I had the opportunity to work on many Waterfall and Agile projects doing analysis and maintenance of data, gathering requirements, testing and building project estimates for key projects. I would like to highlight four highly critical and milestone projects that made a difference in how TRP runs their business today.



Project P.L.A.N.



P.L.A.N. is a project to define the taxonomy and measure variability in current state for all TRP RPS products, services and engagements. P.L.A.N. is an acronym used to define TRP’s RPS preferences related to the products and services that are offered.



Within the project, there was both an interim state and future state work effort.  This project strictly focused on the interim state solution to facilitate a more streamline manual data collection and manual reporting process for P.L.A.N. thus allowing the business to see into the future.



Project myPI



MyPI was the future state project and more advanced form of data collection and different types of reporting available to the business to fulfill client expectations. Along the lines of P.L.A.N., MyPI allowed for automated data collection based on data from other legacy systems and recordkeeping systems for various clients and their plans. MyPI also has the capability to perform automated rankings (P.L.A.N.) based on the rules defined within myPI. Integration with Business Objects would also allow business to get access to automated reports as well as get adhoc reports at will.



Project Plan Calendar



At the inception of this project TRP did not have a central repository to record all key plan events and meet reporting needs from the same location. Plan calendar is a tool to store all past, present and future key events at a plan level and also could meet reporting needs for management oversight. The tool could also help in gaining efficiency and therefore reduction in cost. 



Plan calendar could be used for reminders and notifications to users/managers of a key event for any particular plan. It could also be used for reporting of tasks assigned/completed/modified/deleted at a plan level. The calendar functionality could be used for management oversight to ensure key plan events are completed on time and in accordance with client expectations.



Project SPOE



Member of first fully agile team and OMR team responsible for developing a future state product offering that is better aligned with market demands and better positions RPS to achieve their retention and growth goals for clients. I was heavily involved in Client Onboarding (COB), SPOE Proof of Concept (POC), Single Point of Entry (SPOE) application and Client Onboarding Work streams.

 

COB – Transformed client onboarding process from a highly customized model to a more efficient and scalable model with an emphasis on single point of entry of data at the beginning of the client lifecycle. 



SPOE (POC)- Demonstrated the viability of new architecture components and products to capture, store and disseminate plan configuration data. SPOE covered the integration of the following components: Plan Configuration Data Repository, Business Rules Management System (BRMS), Business Process Management System (BPMS), Synchronization, Middleware, Integration and SPOE User Interfaces. 



SPOE (Day 1) - Allowed business to onboard new Clients and would allow TRP to create new Clients & Plans, Investments, Sources, Fund Controls and Fund Hierarchies along with Plan Configuration data and Conversion Information in SPOE. SPOE would also allow us to sync the data to OMNI and other recordkeeping systems. 

This process of data collection has allowed;



The business to be more efficient and highly productive and allowed to us to get rid of manual processes.

Achieve data accuracy with single point of entry feeding into multiple downstream systems where data cannot be edited.

Future state process flows allowed us to increase the volume capacity to meet established organizational goals of 1200 plans per year by 2018 as per the RPS Statement of Strategic Intent.

Acquire targeted clients in micro, small and mid-markets to capitalize on current and future revenue opportunities



Responsibilities:



Member of Scrum Agile Team as an Analyst (Research, Facilitation, Requirements, Testing, Documentation)

Played interim Scrum Master Role in absence of the team Scrum Master.

Assisted Data Architect with data loads, validations and design reviews.

Was responsible for data changes in Dev, Qual and Prod during the course of the project and single handedly managed the data across five agile teams.

Delivered Business Requirements from meeting different cross functional teams from Underwriting, RFP, Legal, Product, Operations, Conversions, Record Keeping, Trading and Compliance. 

Team Member of one of five SAFe Agile Release Train team– Develop Product catalog, Integrate CRM data with Prospect Data, Built out Conversion Guide & Plan Adoption, Synchronization with Recordkeeping system (OMNI)

Lead team discussions and meeting to achieve clarity on business requirements and key performance indicators (KPIs)

Assisted Product Owners to write User Stories and define Acceptance Criteria based on the high-level business requirements.

Responsible for testing the stories every Sprint and making sure that the testing covered all possible scenarios for completing the user stories.

Actively participated in System, Integration and User Acceptance testing. (Manual and Automated testing)

Worked with business partners in gathering and defining the Validation/Business rules and Visibility rules

Worked with the ODM tool and helped business partners in understanding and defining the data needs and data structures for ODM to successfully execute the business rules

Responsible for building out procedures and process maps using Visio & IBM Blueworks

Helped the team in gathering, defining the various Reporting needs of cross functional business groups

Worked with Business, Data Architect and SME’s in defining the flow of the data from existing systems to SPOE for existing plans

Worked with key participants and leadership to define the roadmap for the upcoming work based on quick wins and business needs





WellPoint, VA                                                                                                  June 2011 – March 2012 

Sr. Business Systems Analyst                  

                                                                                   

The goal of this project is to implement and deliver an improved call center application that the users would be able to use to service the customers with their queries and also allow the functionality where the users could handle multi-inquiry and multi-channel and thereby improve the look and feel of the application with a prospect of adding more than 8000 users over a period of next 2-3 years.



Responsibilities:

Worked with the call center divisions of WellPoint to gather business requirements for their existing call center application and also documenting their as-is and to-be processes.

Gathered and analyzed business requirements and system specifications for full understanding of the business.

Requirements were written keeping in mind the guidelines and business rules for the WAW (WellPoint Advocate Workstation) and the Chordiant.

Helped defining the scope of the project based on the gathered business requirements including documentation of constraints, assumptions, business impacts, Project risks and scope exclusions.

Extensively gathered requirements from all users and experts to understand the current functionality and assess the needs of the users.

Created Use Cases in UML to depict the system functionality.

Coordinated collection of business needs. Converted high level requirements to functional requirements and documented them in functional, navigational and page Use Cases. 

Conducted JAD sessions to analyze business and system requirements.

Performed detailed data analysis using MS Office tools like Word and Excel for understanding root causes for defects.

Created time and cost estimates for my designated scope items during project planning and requirements phase. 

Worked as a liaison between business, leadership and the requirement team and managed the cross-team communication pipeline.



Time Warner, NYC                                                                                              Feb 2011 – May 2011 

Sr. Business Analyst               

                                                                                      	 

The goal of this project is to create a tax data warehouse and house all the tax related information such as the Trial Balance, M1 adjustments, FSI, Partnership information into the TW tax data warehouse across all the divisions (Warner Bros., HBO, Time Inc. and Turner). The Vendor solution and the Tax DW shall be used to replace the manual reporting process and allow business to generate reports required for filing tax returns. The objective of this project is to automate the monthly data feed from all the divisions of TW Corporate.



Responsibilities:

Worked with the divisions of Time Warner Corporate such as Warner Bros, HBO, Time Inc. and Turner to gather business requirements for tax data analysis.

Gathered and analyzed business requirements and system specifications for full understanding of the business.

Helped defining the scope of the project based on the gathered business requirements including documentation of constraints, assumptions, business impacts, Project risks and scope exclusions.

Extensively gathered requirements from all users and experts to understand the current functionality and assess the needs of the users.

Created Use Cases in UML to depict the system functionality.

Coordinated collection of business needs. Converted high level requirements to functional requirements and documented them in functional, navigational and page Use Cases. 

Conducted JAD sessions to analyze business and system requirements.

Performed detailed data analysis using MS Office tools like Word and Excel for understanding root causes for defects.

Created time and cost estimates for my designated scope items during project planning and requirements phase.

Worked as a liaison between business, leadership and the requirement team and managed the cross-team communication pipeline.



Hanover Insurance Group, MA                                                                    June 2009 – Dec 2010

Business Analyst                                                                                 	 



Project 1: 



Hanover provides with a wide variety of personal and commercial lines of insurances. Project was to support the SAMS (Specialty Account Management System) application which is used by the underwriters to initiate New Business Quotes and Renewal Quotes. The Project was also to build new insurance coverages for the commercial lines (Builders Risk, Contractors Equipment, Motor Truck Cargo, Scheduled Property, Jewelers Block, Management Liability such as Directors and Officers, Employment Practices, Pension Trust Liability and Auto Vehicle Physical Damage) of insurance. The project also included an additional task of moving data related to Hanover Life Insurance to their DWS.



Project 2:



The on boarding process for new hires (employees, contractors and temporary), internal transfers/moves and acquisitions has grown organically and has not kept pace with the scale of Hanover’s hiring. The process is broken in some places, highly driven by manual inputs, not easily scalable and inconsistent per employee. Many departments within Hanover have their own procedures for on boarding employees, involving internal checklists and “hot lists” of people in support teams to contact. This project was to make sure we as a team improve the existing On Boarding process and create an OLA for the team’s part of On Boarding and also do some analysis of how the bottlenecks can be removed from the process over a period of time.



Project 3:



Worked as a BA on a Book Roll project where I am working on Mainframe for building screen specs as Hanover took over a part One Beacon Insurance. The project was to make sure Hanover has all the insurances and their respective screens in sync with One Beacon so that the handover could be smooth.



Project 4:



Working on an HTG project tasked with researching what would be involved in centralizing the maintenance of the Branch Code, Company Code and Line of Business data elements into a single table. Gained thorough understanding of Hanover systems which included systems used by Claims, Financial Reporting Systems, PL & CL Lines of Businesses.



Project 5:



The goal of this project is to replace Sunguard as the financial book of record such that all GL data is being recorded, at an appropriate level of detail, in PeopleSoft. The Inspire software package is currently being utilized by AIX for their Heritage book of business. As part of the overall Finance & Accounting integration of AIX the purpose this initiative is to redirect the administrative system General Ledger interface files from Sunguard to the PeopleSoft General Ledger. 



Project 6:



The goal of this project is to replace the manual reporting process into an automated reporting process for Claims Appraisal Metrics. The objective of this project is to automate the monthly data feed from CCC, the vendor with the largest source of Auto Claims Appraisal data, and store it in the Claims Analytics tables of the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) for reporting purposes.  



Project 7:



The goal of this project is to replace the manual reporting process into an automated reporting process for SOX, MSP and SA. The objective of this project is to automate the monthly data feed from HCS, the Hanover Claims System, and store it in the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) for reporting purposes.  



Responsibilities:

Gathered and analyzed business requirements and system specifications for full understanding of the business.

Helped defining the scope of the project based on the gathered business requirements including documentation of constraints, assumptions, business impacts, Project risks and scope exclusions.

Extensively gathered requirements from all users and experts to understand the current functionality and assess the needs of the users.

Worked with the Business and Underwriters for gathering requirements for insurance coverage forms and pricing exposure respectively.

Create tickets and track end user problems from initial call to final solution and closure, providing effect and effective resolution of callers’ problems.

Support customer service teams in resolving issues relating to the call center systems. And trained Underwriters on the usage of the front-end system.

Worked with other Call Center Agents to serve as the ‘front-line” for the Call Center operations and provide caller assistance and problem management services.

Created Use Cases using UML to depict the system functionality.

Coordinated collection of business needs. Converted high level requirements to functional requirements and documented them in functional, navigational and page Use Cases. 

Performed functions related to Production Support to analyze and track defects.

Interpreted technical requirements of the client with reference to the business requirements and facilitated the team in deriving Technical Specification Document.

Converted the UI diagrams and the Used Cases to FLS documents which would give a complete understanding of the functionality of the insurance and different coverage forms.

Owned the SAMS Master List Forms List which listed all the forms with different edition dates and other details for all coverage’s.

Used Toad to insert, delete and maintain tables for reference data.

Conducted JAD sessions to analyze business and system requirements.

Performed activities to bring down the number of open defects.

Partnered with the testing team to run test cases and perform Load testing, Positive and Negative testing.

Partnered with business for conducting User Acceptance Testing (UAT). Developed test cases with the QA Testing team based on business requirements for User Acceptance Testing (UAT).

Involved in preparing Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Scripts, based on FLS (Functional Level Specification) document.

Performed Business Intelligence (BI) responsibilities to support better business decision-making and helped the business perform better by cutting cost and provide suggestions for efficient use of available resources.

Involved in preparing BDE, TDE and Reporting Mock up screens along with other BA deliverables such as BRD and FLS documents.

Interacted with the development and testing teams to improve overall quality of the Application.

Worked as a liaison between business, leadership and the requirement team and managed the cross-team communication pipeline.



AT&T, IL							                      May 2008 – May 2009	 

Business Analyst



Project was to support OMS Lightspeed the corporate initiative to deliver video, voice over IP (VoIP) and high speed internet access to the consumer segment over FTTP/IP, FTTN and IPDSLAM. The project also allows the functionality to be able to order and change services for Video, Voice, Internet and Wireless products. I was also engaged with teams for reporting and performed Business Intelligence (BI) responsibilities to support better business decision-making.



HSBC Bank, NYC							           Feb 2007 – Apr 2008

Business/Data Analyst



Project was to support the portfolio management and performance analysis of the credit card business with various reward offerings. The whole application processes were comprised of ETL for transactional data, filter process to identify valid transactions, calculation process for transaction and reward fee calculation and data integration into the Data Warehouse System.



	Health Insurance Plan of New York, NY				            Jan 2006 – Feb 2007

	Business Systems Analyst



It’s an Online Health Insurance Application, designed to meet the requirements of the health insurance information, patient scheduling and appointments, billing and account access. It was also meant to provide information about various health insurance for members and providers.



WebMd Healthcare, NJ						           Dec 2004 – Dec 2005

Business Systems Analyst



The project was designed to provide subscribers and dependents with detailed information about their health care utilization and spending. It is meant to highlight key sources of financially oriented activity and provide suggestions for potential areas of behavior change that might favorably impact out of pocket spending. The objective of this project is to enable members to make future health care decisions from a cost savings perspective.



Intelenet Global Services Pvt. Ltd,  Mumbai - India		                                   Jan 2004 – Nov 2004

Business Systems Analyst

		

		The project was designed to make enhancements on the Infonet application which was used by the managers and users to get daily updates on various Barclays products. The enhancements would benefit the user group to serve their customers over the phone.

		

Wipro BPO Solutions Ltd, Mumbai - India				                  Apr 2002 – Dec 2003

Systems Analyst



The project was designed to provide the customer service agents with an tool where they would be able to log their sales during the day. The application would also allow the user to track their progress on sales on day to day basis and make sure their reach their targets by the end of the month. Was also involved in training various teams and managing teams across the floor.

Education



Masters in Business Administration (MBA) from University of Bridgeport, CT, USA

Masters in Commerce from University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India

Bachelor of Commerce from University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India



Technical Skills



Operating Systems: Windows9x, 2000, XP

Databases: Oracle 8i / 9i, MS-Access 2000, MS SQL Server 2000, DB2

Desktop Software: Microsoft Office- Word, PowerPoint, Excel

Business Modeling: MS Visio, IBM Blueworks Live

Business Requirements: Requisite Pro, SharePoint

Project Management: MS Project

Defect Tracking: ALM HP Quality Center & Mercury Test Director

Data Validations: Toad and DB Visualizer v9.0.6

Recordkeeping System: Admin-Web/OMNI

Rules Validation: ODM

Meetings: MS Live Meeting & WebEx

Agile Tools: RTC, Rally



Project & SDLC Expertise





Front End Rules

Single Point of Entry systems

ODM

Financial Tools

Chordiant Experience

BPO Solution Applications

Enterprise Data Warehousing Projects

Property & Casualty Insurance

Web Based Projects

Taxation & Financials

PeopleSoft GL Projects

Telecommunication Projects

Business Requirements

Functional Requirements Specification

Technical Requirements Specification

Business Data Elements (BDE)

Technical Data Elements (TDE)

Developed UML Models – UC and Activity Diagrams

User Stories

Work Flow Diagrams

Gap & Impact Analysis

Gap & Map Documents

Create Change Requests and Opened defects whenever necessary

Traceability Matrix

Developed Test Plans, Test Cases & Test Scripts

Designed Test Data Sets

Service Level Agreements

Training Manuals











Prasanjit Chaudhuri	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 3 of 8



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5\n
Paul R. Chase



Executive Summary

Bilingual business executive with over 25 years of experience, as a former business owner and a private consultant, developing and executing the strategies, programs and initiatives that drive an organization, its growth and performance, and ultimately, its value.



Proficient in coordinating, integrating and managing diverse business elements - programs, processes and people - in order to optimize performance or successfully realign, transition and evolve organizations during periods of uncertainty and dynamic change, such as startup, growth, expansion, leadership/culture changes, and contraction. Experienced in M&A initiatives, from pre-acquisition due diligence to post-acquisition integration, including analysis, evaluation and merging of complementary and supplementary capabilities, skills, and market synergies to best achieve assimilation and attain desired benefits. 



Strategic planner and business manager able to provide full-service support during a company’s life cycle. Emphasis on forming collaborative, coaching and mentoring environments, while executing strategic planning, corporate development, and business management initiatives for small and medium-sized businesses. 



Established, operated and sold CCI, Inc., a professional services firm with 200 employees and $18M in revenue. Achieved a successful M&A strategy and integration with acquiring company that was ultimately purchased for 1B. Currently, strategic planning and business development adviser and consultant to government contractor, and driving an early growth enterprise in the domestic and international physical security marketplace. 



Work Experience



Private Consultant / Investor		     				        September 2004 - Present



Adviser and consultant to Imperatis Corporation, a company providing technical, IT and professional services to the federal government. Developed and implemented corporate transformation strategy directly with CEO and Executive Team including strategic business objectives, operational plans, organizational alignment, and supported by an effective, well integrated corporate organization and communication strategy. Engaged in Business Development program planning, and performing bid & proposal management, planning and execution, including aligning BD initiatives to strategic objectives, mapping RFP requirements to company experience, past performance, and skill sets; developing proposal compliance matrices and key themes; proposal writing, including Management Plans, Quality Assurance and Quality Control Plans, Transition Plans, Subcontractor Management Plans, Staffing Plans, and Risk Management Plans; and structuring the response and managing the process. 



Adviser and consultant to Seenex, a company providing access control solutions for critical infrastructures, with installations at client sites in both federal and state government locations. 



	Directed strategic, operational and financial business planning, including market planning and business development strategies and programs  

	Prepared and coordinated pre-award project efforts including technical solution recommendations, presentations, white papers, cost analyses, and contracts negotiations

	Developed and implemented Strategic Partnerships and Alliances to add complementary technologies and increase market share

	Conducted market analyses to target and penetrate market segments whose security needs evolve based on technology developments, terrorist threats, and breaches of security, and educated clients regarding the physical security marketplace/industry standards and new technologies

	Engaged in all aspects of business development: determine economic buyer, develop concept presentations and white papers, determine technical requirements, and develop site-specific solutions to meet existing or new building requirements prior to renovation or implementation  

	

	Strategic and business planning consultant to Tetrad Digital Integrity (TDI), 4th Dimension Engineering, and Besch Designs LLC.  

	

	Implemented Corporate Development and Entrepreneurial Leadership Programs

	Advised executives on Strategy, Vision and Mission Planning and developed accompanying infrastructure organization and financial modeling structure 

	Conducted Business Development training; established strategies, programs and tools; developed incentive programs; and provided hands on coaching, monitoring and advice 



Stanley Associates				      			             September 2002 - 2004

Vice President for Navy Programs       							  



In 2002, sold CCI, Inc. to Stanley Associates. Remained President of CCI as an independent division and became responsible for all Navy programs within Stanley Associates. 



Member of senior management team that implemented new account management process and new corporate strategic objectives initiative to reach $1B in sales  

Member of executive management team that developed and implemented new infrastructure realignment plans addressing programs, systems, processes and personnel, designed to accommodate the growth objectives of the Company  

Worked with all levels of staff on Team Building and Performance Improvement initiatives to understand and implement new processes and provide leadership, recognition and motivation  

Expanded and integrated corporate vision and strategic/operational planning required to ensure a smooth transition of CCI into a new organization. Implemented and coordinated entrepreneurial leadership and program management training and development strategies / programs to attain complete synergy between both companies’ capabilities and corporate culture  

Realigned capabilities and resources , implemented communication strategies/programs (external and internal), and managed ongoing project work and client/partner relationships under new matrix management organization to avoid disruptions and maximize performance



CCI, Inc.				    			    	             March 1986 – September 2002

President / CEO 							 	            



Founded and operated CCI, Inc., a professional services firm specializing in engineering, logistics, and program management for U.S. Naval Aviation Programs, NASA, Army Corps of Engineers and AID. Headquartered in Alexandria, VA, CCI had principal offices in San Diego, CA, Jacksonville, FL, Lexington Park, MD, Havelock, NC, Virginia Beach, VA, and Santiago, Chile.  



Engaged in every aspect of building and managing a small business – payroll, budgets, proposals, performance, client and partner relationships, audits, recruitment, benefits; later focused on the strategic elements and goals of the enterprise, ensuring consistent adherence and execution  

Lead the strategic planning process, formulated the corporate vision and strategic direction, initiated growth strategies, approved all major financial management and new development initiatives, provided strategic guidance on operations, direct forecasting & budgeting efforts  

Developed long-range business development plans, formulated sales strategies with a dual focus on increasing market share and margin, and implemented collaborative methods throughout the organization to ensure a cohesive communications and execution approach  

Ensured proper business elements were in place to support CCI’s work and projected growth; set the direction, goals, and objectives and maintained core values and culture; implemented the business processes necessary to manage growth; directed business development and proposal efforts; and managed all internal and external strategic relationships  

Prepared and executed successful M&A strategy, documentation, and process

	

Other              								     July 1989 – November 1997



Election supervisor to the Municipal Elections in Bosnia and Herzegovina under the OECD / US State Department Program after the Balkan War in 1997  

In-country Director of USAID sponsored program to automate the National Civil Registry in Honduras in preparation for national elections in 1990  



Education

																Bachelor of Arts - Political Science, Pennsylvania State University

																Master of Arts – International Relations / Government, Georgetown University



Paul R. Chase	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 3 of 3

				

Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5\n
Kalyan Kuthadi	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

 





EDUCATION:

M.S. in Management of Information Technology 		         	          	June 2013	

Sullivan University, Louisville, KY			

B. Tech. in Computer Science						          	May 2006

Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India

CERTIFICATION:

Oracle Certified Expert Certification 						May 2009

SUMMARY:



8+ years of experience in Oracle Fusion Middleware Administration providing support for development, testing, Staging and production environments on multiple platforms like oracle enterprise LINUX, RHEL and Windows.

Extensive experience with Administration of WebLogic Application Servers 8.1, 9.2, 10g, 11g and 12c versions, Active Directory Server (LDAP), Iplanet Web Servers, Apache web Servers and Oracle HTTP servers.

Experience in installations and configurations of multiple versions of tomcat like 6.x, 7.x versions.

Configured One-way and Two-way SSL certificates for Web servers and Application servers.

Solid experience in deploying J2EE  applications on clustered and standalone Weblogic Servers and maintaining Load balancing, failover, high availability and session replication.

Good troubleshooting skills on issues related to Weblogic, apache, tomcat, JBoss servers, Networking, Database, UNIX and applications and worked with respective engineers to resolve them and provided RCA.

Interacted with BEA Weblogic Technical Support Team in resolving the Weblogic critical issues, and used to follow up on the opened tickets, by analyzing the respective thread dumps and Config files. 

Installed and configured Oracle Identity and Access Management 11g R2 11.1.2.2.0.

Implemented Single Sign-On solutions using Oracle Access Management and identity Management Suites.

Involved in installation and configurations of Web Center Portal and UCM 11g11.1.1.8.

Experience in working with BAM configurations and reports.

Experienced in Deploying, Configuring, and Monitoring of Oracle Fusion Middleware 11g SOA composite applications in Non-production and Production environment.

Installed and configured Oracle Fusion Middleware SOA Suite 11g, OSB and OHS server. 

Experience in backup and recovery of Oracle SOA Suite dehydration store.

Deploying Enterprise Java Beans (EJB’s) and monitoring the Application servers and Web servers, troubleshooting performance issues using the Log messages and Log files.

Experience in configuring of Connection Pool with Oracle RAC, MySQL, DB2 and SqlServer, etc.

Experience in maintaining BEA WebLogic Portal 8.1, 9.2 and 10.3.

Expertise in managing JNDI, Managing Security, Configuring and monitoring JMS.

Experience in configuring F5 Load Balancer and Big IP Load Balancer.

Install and configure Sun ONE Web server (iPlanet), Apache Web server and IIS Web server and integrated the same with the Weblogic server.

Experience in installing SSL certificates on Apache OHS and Oracle Weblogic server 10.3.4.

Involved in migration and up gradation of Weblogic Server and applying patches and installing service packs for Weblogic server and Oracle Fusion Middleware components.

Experience in using Wily Introscope for monitoring, troubleshooting and performance tuning of Weblogic domains.

Used Ant/Maven for building Java/J2EE Applications.

Experience in Setting up of Data Sources, Configuring Servlet Engines, Session Managers including planning installation and configuration of Weblogic Application Servers.

Involved in setting up cluster environment for WebLogic Server integrated with multiple workflows.

Expertise in developing Shell scripts (including sh, ksh, bash), Perl scripts to administrate and automate batch job scheduling including Server Start/Shutdown, backup and recovery processes.

Database knowledge using SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle and MS SQL Server. 

Ability to implement new concepts and applications.

Experience in developing web based applications using HTML, Java, JavaScript, Servlets, J2EE, JDBC, EJB, JSP, JMS and PERL. 

Experience in Third party profiling tools –HP Diagnostics, Wily Introscope, HP Site Scope and Remedy ticketing tool.	

	    Provided 24/7 on call support in Production environment.

	    Strong business, analytical, oral and written communication skills to collaborate effectively with team members and greater ability to perform as a team.







Technical Skills:



Operating Systems		:	AIX 4.3/5.1, Solaris 7/8/10, HP-UX11i, Linux 6.2, Win

95/98/NT/2000 

J2EE Technologies		:	Java (JDK), J2EE - Java Beans, Servlets, EJB, RMI, JSP,

Applets, ASP, JNDI, RMI, IIOP, Java Mail API, C++, C, SQL, PL/SQL, CGI/Perl, JDBC/ODBC, SOAP, Struts, MVC, spring, Hibernate, JYTHON 

Application/Web Servers 	:	Weblogic 10.x,9.x,8.1/7.0/6.0, SOA Suite 11g, Apache Tomcat, Maven, IBM HTTP Server, VERITAS suite, share point, Netscape Directory Server 4.16, oracle9i, iPlanet 6.x, Microsoft IIS, Windows 3.0, and XML, oracle UCM.

Scripting:	XML 1.0, XSL, XSLT, HTML 4.0, DHTML, Java Script, CSS, UNIX Shell Scripting Jython, Python, Perl 

Packages Utilities		:	MS Office, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Acrobat

RDBMS			:	ORACLE 8i/9i/10g, Sybase, MS-Access 2000, SQL-Server

IDE Tools/Utilities		:	JBuilder 4/8, Microsoft Visual Studio, Visual Café

Enterprise Edition 4.0, Eclipse, WebSphere Studio Application Developer (WSAD), Exceed, SQL*Plus, MQ Series 5.x, Visio 2000, Microsoft Project 2000, TOAD, Ant

Protocols			:	TCP/IP, Telnet, DNS, NFS, NIS, FTP, SMTP, SOAP, POP and              HTTP

Methodologies		              :	 Unified Modeling Language (UML) 1.0, Rational Rose, Rational Clear Case, Rational Requisite


Professional Experience:



U.S Department of Interior’s (Federal Services)                                     December 2013- Present                             

Lakewood, Colorado.

Sr .Oracle Fusion Middleware Administrator.





Installed, configured and administration of Weblogic Server 10.3.x/11g and 12c versions on multiplatform environments like UNIX, Linux, Windows to 7.x versions.

Experience in installations and configurations of multiple versions of tomcat like 6.x, 7.x versions.

Involved in up gradation of Jboss versions from 6.x to 7.x versions.

Worked in a production environment supporting mission-critical applications.

Working with System integration phase of an application before moving it to UAT and Production environment.

Involved in Migration and up gradation tasks like upgrading WebLogic server 9.x to Weblogic 10.x.

Installed and configured Oracle Identity and Access Management 11.1.2.2.0.

Experience in implementing Single Sign-On solutions using Oracle Access Management and identity Management Suites.

Involved in Configuring AD authenticator with OAM. Configured the OPSS Security Store.

Installed and configured Oracle Fusion Middleware 11g Web Tier Utilities 11.1.1.7.

Extensively Involved in Installations and configurations of Oracle Fusion Middleware SOA Suite 11.1.1.7.

Deploying SOA composite applications from EM and by using ant scripts Configuring SOA composite application resources.

Monitor and manage SOA Components by using the Oracle Enterprise Manager Fusion Middleware Control Console to perform administrative tasks.

Support and management of SOA Component like BPEL, Mediator, human workflow and OWSM.

Configuration of adapters set up in SOA Domain for Db Adapters, JMS Adapters and File Adapters.

Extensively worked with the Database Team for Schema purging and troubleshooting based on the project requirement.

Applied required patches to SOA Suite product through Oracle Opatch Utility.

Installed and configured OSB and OHS server for multiple environments. Creation and modification of Routing Rules in ESB console. 

Created MDS by using Oracle Fusion Middleware Metadata Repository Creation Utility (RCU).

Configured and administered JDBC, JMS in Weblogic Server 10g and 11g Oracle fusion middleware.

Involved in configuring BAM adapters and import the reports in BAM servers which then are integrated in Webcenter portal applications.

Involved in installation and configurations of Web Center Portal and UCM suites of version 11.1.1.8.

Deployed custom Task Flows into the webcenter framework which are being consumed by the Oracle webcenter Application.

Applied patches to webcenter portal and UCM suites using Oracle Opatch utility.

Installed and configured UCM Suites for non-production and production environments.

Extensively involved in configurations of UCM and Inbound Refinery components (IBR).

Integrating UCM/ webcenter content in the customized webcenter portal pages.

Extensive experience in deploying ADF application using Web logic application server and Web Center Spaces.

Experience in configuring various SOA components like BPEL and human task to webcenter portal.

Experience in developing UNIX Shell scripts for monitoring health of servers and scheduling Cron jobs for automating the tasks.

Working on user related Tickets/Incidents to provide resolution without breaching SLA.

Creating, tracking and implementing Change Requests.

Used Config wizard and WLST scripts to create and manage Weblogic domains.

Configured global security in Weblogic using LDAP authentication.

Experienced working with version control systems like Subversion and GIT.

Involved in creating service request with Oracle team in troubleshooting critical weblogic Server issues by coordinating with cross functional teams.

Analyzing thread dump and heap dump for Weblogic application server.

Experience in configuring Weblogic domain across Data Centers in production environment.

Worked with network teams for configuring Oracle traffic director (OTD) and F5 load balancers for high availability load balancing of traffic to the various web applications.

24X7 on call production support, technical support, and troubleshooting, problems related to oracle Weblogic Server, SOA Suite, Web Center portal and UCM suites.



Environment: 

Weblogic Server 10.3.x/11g JDK1.6, J2EE, ADF,JSP, Servlets, EJB, LDAP, JDBC, XML, Apache, OHS,Oracle9i/10g,OTD,F5 Load Balancer, Wily Introscope, SOA, UCM, Webcenter portal, WLST, Python, Oracle Enterprise LINUX(OEL), Windows.









Cisco Systems INC  							 April 2012 – November 2013

San Jose, CA

Sr. Weblogic/Oracle Fusion Middleware Administrator



Responsibilities:



Installed, configured and administered Weblogic Server 10.3.x/11g on Red Hat Linux 5.x and Windows environment.                      

Performed J2EE application deployment and administration including JAR, WAR, and EAR files.

Initially used Ant for writing build.xmls for building Java/J2ee applications later on migrated to Maven.

Configure and administered of JDBC, JMS in Weblogic Server 10g and 11g Oracle fusion middleware.

Install and configured SSL certificates for Apache web server in various environments.

Migrating and Upgrading of Weblogic 10.3.3.0 server instances to Weblogic 10.3.6 Server.

Configured and administered Weblogic server with Oracle9i/10g database. 

 Experience installations, configurations and administration of BEA Weblogic portal 9.x/10.3.x/11g.

 Involved in troubleshooting and performance tuning of Weblogic portal 9.x/10.3.x/11g servers.

Experienced in Deploying, Configuring, and Monitoring of SOA composite applications in Production     environment.

Deployed different Components of SOA suite like BPEL, Mediator, and Human Work flow.

Support and management of SOA Component like Mediator, BPEL and human workflow.

Management and configuration of WSDL, XSD in SOA Suite.

Configuring the OWSM policies for Oracle SOA Composites. Managing the OWSM policies at Runtimes. Perform production go live activities and configuration of SOA applications.

Installed and configured Oracle Fusion Middleware SOA, OSB and OHS server.

Created schemas using Repository creation utility (RCU).

Configured DB adapters, File Adapters in SOA domain.

Deployed composite applications using EM console.

Involved in applying different patches in Fusion Middleware 11g R2 for performance of servers.

Monitoring and implementing issues in Fusion Middleware 11g.

Experience in setting High Availability and clustering for Oracle Fusion Middleware SOA suite 11g.

Deployed the applications on multiple Weblogic Server and maintained Load balancing, high Availability and Fail over functionality.

Responsible for Load balancing and Performance tuning for various Weblogic servers.

Installed and configured Apache 2.0/2.2 webserver to work with Weblogic server in UAT Stage and Production environments. 

Configured global security in Weblogic using LDAP authentication.

Installed and configured Weblogic 8.x/9.x/10.x plug-ins on Apache 2.x.

Created and Configured Data Sources for database connectivity and JMS resources.

Used Config wizard and WLST scripts to create and manage Weblogic domains and Node Manager.

Developed shell scripts to monitor the OWS logs for any exceptions or errors performing regular health checks in production environments. 

Performance tuning of JVM heap size, garbage collections, java stack and Native thread & production performance.

Monitoring application performance using Wily Introscope. Setting up the Introscope to alert for various metrics (CPU, heap, threads).

Created Korn Shell scripts to automate Cron jobs and system maintenance. Scheduled cron jobs for job automation.  

Application’s migration of Weblogic server from previous version to current versions.

Troubleshoot Weblogic Server connection pooling and connection manager with Oracle, DB2 checking the code in to CVS.

Researched and troubleshooted emerging application issues, from Weblogic configuration to code issues.

Analyzing thread dump and heap dump for Weblogic application server.

Experience with Oracle Weblogic, SQl, UNIX Shell scripting, CVS or other source control system and multi-threaded/multi-process application.

Active involvement in monitoring the server performance, network traffic to reduce performance bottleneck.

Deployed WARs, EARs using Weblogic Admin Console as well as running scripts.

Experience in configuring Weblogic domain across Data Centers in production environment.

Developed the scripts to handle weekly System Administration tasks such as backup procedure, system cleanup, everyday system tasks etc. 

Worked with F5 Networks-Big-IP for high availability load balancing of traffic to the various internet web services.

Created Service request with Oracle to fix unresolved bugs or issues.

Worked on the version control systems GIT and CVS. 

Responding to the HP Diagnostics as per SLA.

24X7 on call production support, technical support, trouble shooting, problems related to oracle Weblogic Server.





Environment: Weblogic Server 10.3.x/9.x, JDK1.6, J2EE, PEGA, JSP, Servlets, EJB, LDAP, JDBC, XML, Apache, OHS,Oracle9i/10g,Cisco Load Balancer, HP Diagnostics, Site Minder, SOA, WLST, Python, RHEL( LINUX 6 ), Windows.



Amgen INC  								            

Thousand Oaks, CA                                                                                     Jan 2011 – March 2012

Sr. Weblogic/Oracle Fusion Middleware Administrator



Responsibilities:



Migrating and Upgrading of Weblogic 9.2/10.3.3.0 server instances to Weblogic 10.3.6 Server.

Performed Installation and Administration of Apache webserver 2.2.14/2.2.19/2.2.20.

Migrating and Upgrading of Apache instances from 2.2.14 to 2.2.19/2.2.20.

Performed Installation and Administration of Oracle Weblogic 10/11g.

Experience in Installation, configurations and maintaining of BEA Weblogic Portal 9.x/10.3.x/11g servers.

Migrating Oracle HTTP Server Services to Apache.

Installed and configured Oracle SoaSuite11g, OSB and OHS server.

Experience in setting of high availability and clustering for Oracle SOA Suite.

Monitor and manage SOA Components by using the Oracle Enterprise Manager Fusion Middleware Control Console to perform administrative tasks.

Deploying Oracle SOA composite applications using ant script. 

Configuring SOA composite application resources. Monitoring SOA composite application.

Working and management of SOA Repository metadata through oracle databases 10g, 11g.

Managing and monitoring service engines, and updating the state of SOA composite applications.

Configured DB adapters, File Adapters in SOA domain.

Deployed composite applications using EM console.

Created MDS by using Oracle Fusion Middleware Metadata Repository Creation Utility (RCU).

Configured SSL Certificates for Weblogic and Apache servers.

Experience in performance tuning of Oracle Fusion Middleware. 

Configured LDAP server, Configured security providers.

Deployed the WAR, JAR and EAR applications in Weblogic 10/11g .Responsible for application changes across different platforms- development, testing, staging and production environments.

Developed several scripts using ksh and bash to automate jobs. ( Security audit scripts, password automation scripts, network stats, file storage, etc)

Created Weblogic domains, managed servers, clusters, machines and start up scripts.

Involved in the migration of the applications from Weblogic 9.2 to Weblogic Server 10.3.

Configured JDBC resources, data sources and bounded to the J2EE applications, configured the connection pools for the data sources. Created JMS Server, JMS Connection Factories, Queues, Topics, persistence stores and monitored them. 

Managing and Monitoring the JVM performance by Weblogic Heap Size, garbage collection, JDBC Pools and taking Thread dumps and heap dumps. Analyzing and providing RCA for the problems in application. 

Configured the Session Management i.e. Memory to Memory and Database replication on Weblogic Application server.

Involved in doing a performance benchmark of Weblogic server by using Load runner. 

Developed scripts (start, stop, backup & recovery processes) for Weblogic application server administration. Developed WLST/JYTHON, ANT scripts, UNIX shell scripts to automate the deployment process.

			Expertise in developing WLST scripts for starting, stopping servers, Node managers and deploying applications.

			Configured One-way and Two-way SSL Certificates for Weblogic Server.

Used oracle security middleware to control and access to data and to restrict the use of various database resources.

Involved in creating and configuring the clustered platform domain for load balancing and high availability of systems by implementing fail over mechanism.

Monitored Weblogic server resources using Wily 6.0 Introscope.

            Involved in 24/7 support for production environments.



Environment: Weblogic 9.2/10.3.x, IPlanet, OHS, Red Hat Linux, Windows 2003, JVM,F5, Oracle 9i, 10g, DB2, SQL server, CVS, Oracle Enterprise Linux(OEL).











Paychex INC                                                                                                      Jan2010 – Dec 2010

Webster, NY

Weblogic Administrator/Oracle Fusion Middleware Administrator



Responsibilities:



Deployment and Troubleshooting of JAR, WAR and EAR applications in clustered environment with Weblogic.

Performance tuning JVM heap size, connection pools and Execute threads.

Document and establish standard processes to ensure repeatability for J2EE administrators.

Automated and scheduled backups on all UNIX Machines using shell scripts.

Involved in Troubleshooting environment and application issues using Oracle WLS support patterns as the standard methodology and provide root cause summary to application stakeholders.

Installed Oracle 8i/9i/10g client software on the application server and configuring the connectivity using JDBC drivers for the database. 

Installed and configured Oracle Fusion SoaSuite11g, OSB and OHS server.

Managing the Partitions: Creating, deleting, exporting, importing the partition and packaging, deploy the composites using the ANT for non-production environments.

Having good expertise in SOAsuite11g (BPEL, Mediator, Human Workflows, Adapters-Database, File, JMS).

Experience in performance tuning of Oracle Fusion Middleware. ̧ Tuning the composite applications BPEL persistence, HTTP Timeouts, Adapter services and references)

Configuring the infrastructure properties and administering the binding components and JCA 

Adapters. 

Implemented Load balancing of web applications by configuring Weblogic proxy plug-in.

Performance tuning by Managing and Monitoring the JVM performance by Weblogic Heap size, garbage collection, execute threads, EJB Cache size, JDBC pools and multi pools. 

Actively involved in upgrading to various new Service packs regarding Weblogic, Sun ONE, iPlanet, Apache/Tomcat. 

			Expertise in writing WLST scripts using Jython/Python for starting, stopping servers, Node managers and deploying applications.

Performed extensive trouble shooting experience including stack trace analysis and JVM tuning experience by changing to heap sizes according to the requirement. 

Wrote scripts (start, stop & ping) for web application server administration. .  

Configured and monitored JNDI, security realms. Configured Apache web server and Weblogic plug-in.

Configured SSL Certificates for Weblogic and Apache servers.

Worked on securing Web Applications. Applied patches service packs for security, performance, bugs etc.

Worked with IDM and Oracle security Middleware teams in troubleshooting issues in dev, test, and stage and production environments.

Monitored free space, disk usage, locating files, checking & clearing log files, administration & monitoring of file systems, network & virtual memory statistics.



Environment: Weblogic Server 9.2/10.3, SUN Solaris 8.0/10.0, Linux, Oracle 9i/8i, JDK 1.4/1.5,1.6, JDBC 2.0, Servlets, EJB 2.0, Apache.









JPMorgan Chase Bank                                                                                      Feb2008 – Dec2009

Chicago, IL

Weblogic Administrator



Responsibilities:



Installed and configured enterprise applications on BEA Weblogic Application Server 8.1, iPlanet Web Server and Active Directory Server (LDAP).

Implemented the Weight based routing when there is configuration differences in the Hardware.

Deployed Various J2EE applications on to the clusters and Application servers and supported accordingly.

Configured JDBC resources, data sources and bounded to the J2EE applications, configured the connection pools for the various data sources.

Configuring Execute Threads, Connection Pools and JMS Bridges etc. for different components of the system.

Troubleshooting applications, servers, clusters, OS, testing problems and customer problems.

Using Jprobe to diagnose and resolve performance bottlenecks, memory leaks, excessive garbage collection, threading issues and other java coding problems.

Developed shell scripts to automate the maintenance process of the Web Logic and recover the backed up Web Logic configuration.

Created Weblogic Portal domain and created projects application and portal application in Weblogic workshop.

Created user groups, roles and assigned users to Groups and Roles.

Created Portal and Portlets on WebLogic portal admin console.

Created books, pages, portlets, skins and themes.

Created Entitlements for Portal Resources and Setting Up and Managing Content. Involved in implementing different data types and defining data types in WebLogic portal.

	Provided WLST (Jython script) and configuring various WebLogic components/services via Jython script. 

Developed UNIX shell scripts, Perl scripts that automate the Weblogic Administration (recycling the application server, deploying customer applications, logs rotation, monitor applications state, etc.)

Configuring SSL Certificates for Weblogic server.

Involved in assisting QA team in Regression, Load and Integration testing of J2EE applications on WebLogic Application Server

Effectively interacted with the users on a daily basis, decreasing downtime and increasing user productivity.

Providing 24x7 supports to testing, staging and production environments.



Environment:, Windows 2000, Weblogic Application Server 8.1/9.2, IPlanet Web Server 6.0,LDAP, Java,J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, XML, JDBC, JavaScript, ORACLE, DB2,Oracle 9iHTML, Shell, Perl scripting. UNIX.







Couth IT- Hyderabad - India                                                                     Oct2006 – Dec 2007 

Weblogic Administrator



Responsibilities:



Performed WebLogic Server 7.x/8.x administration tasks such as installing, configuring, monitoring and performance tuning.

Installed and configured Sun ONE (iPlanet) Web Server and iPlanet.

Configured plugins iPlanet Web servers to work with WebLogic server.

Configured and administered Connection Pools, multi-connection pools and Data source objects for JDBC connections.

Configured and maintained of WebLogic server with JDBC, JMS, JNDI, SNMP and J2EE Services and Data sources.

Configured JVM tuning for WebLogic application server.

Configuration and Clustering of WebLogic Application Servers.

Troubleshooting WebLogic server connection pooling and connection manager with Oracle 9i.

Set up WebLogic domain with a single Server instance for developers on their Solaris machines.

Configured connectivity with SSL Certificates for web servers and App servers for applications in all environments.

Monitored system upgrades and maintenance on production systems for health of application server components and the applications deployed on them pre and post implementation.

Interacted with development teams and third party support personnel for quick and effective issue/case resolution and patch implementations.

Prepared best practices for application teams running various middleware products and provided value by creating scripts and methodologies that would automate and help better maintain systems.

Provided 24x7 on call production support.



Environment: Weblogic server 7.x/8.x, Linux, JDBC, JMS, JNDI, SNMP, JVM, SUN ONE and Apache web server 2.0, Oracle 9i.



Monitored night-batch job process, documented errors, performed nightly backups and troubleshot issues.

Developed scripts to automate network administration tasks and application deployments.

Facilitated swift resolution of embedded scripting error on UNIX system that was freezing printing operations for more than 100 users.\n
Lizset Chavez

14209 Grand Pre Rd.  Silver Spring, MD 20906 | 240-723-0987, lizset1@umbc.edu

EDUCATION

University of Maryland Baltimore County, Baltimore (UMBC), MD

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science			                            May 2015

TECHNICAL SKILLS

PROGRAMMING:	 Java, Python, HTML, PHP, C , C++, Scheme, mySQL, SQL

ENGINEERING: 		Circuits, Verilog

SOFTWARE:	 		Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel) , MatLab, Pages, Numbers

OPERATING SYSTEMS: 	Windows(Vista - 7), Mac OS, Linux

LANGUAGES FLUENTLY SPOKEN: Spanish

PROJECTS

Messaging System 						                                                       

		Built a web application using databases that sends automatically text messages to each user in a specific group based on different criteria.

		Admin page for easier use of the application. Admin page supports addition, deletion, update and creation of new groups and users. It also allows the user to reply to receive messages from user.

		The web application uses PHP, HTML and MySQL to display admin page and send messages. Messages make use of cron jobs to send them automatically.



WORK EXPERIENCE

Analyst - PARADYME MANAGEMENT, INC                                                            June 2015 – Present



Operation and maintenance of the Data Synchronization, which provides a means for reliably and efficiently making persisting data changes across physically separate data stores.

Updating and writing documentation on the functionally of some services.

Maintenance and testing to new development.

Developing new solutions for existing services.

Web Developer Intern - PARADYME MANAGEMENT, INC                            January 2015 – May 2015



		Worked on some edits of their website. Layout of some pages as well as redesigning some icons

		Worked on the implementation of an online form and new signatures for emails

		Attended professional training classes online



Web Developer Intern- ATTENDEE INTERACTIVE                                   August 2014 - December 2014



		Tested new features added to sites for events and conferences

		Updated and changed CSS and HTML code for sites

		Website management for clients. Security levels for admin and user pages

		Ran scripts and queries to update and transfer data\n
VITALII MARIUSHKIN

US Green Card holder

Sunnyvale, CA 94087

Phone:	(650) 776-0757

Email:	vmariushkinqa@gmail.com 



SOFTWARE QA TESTER



SUMMARY:

Testing web based and mobile application in Agile environment – 4+ years

Full QA experience – 6+ years

Understanding of Software Development Life Cycle, SQA Methodology and tools

Experience in PC Hardware/Software configurations/installations and upgrades

Self-motivated, hard-working, well-organized and detail-oriented

Able to analyze problems and propose solutions, embrace challenging assignments and develop new approaches with minimal supervision

Formal training in Software Testing 

Able to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment



TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Platforms:		Windows 10/8/7/XP, Mac OS

Mobile Platforms: 	iOS, Android, Windows Phone

Mobile testing tools :	Android Studio, ADB, LogCat, xCode

Programming:		HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript, SQL

Database:		Oracle, MySQL

Virtualization:		VMware Server, Oracle VirtualBox

Bug Tracking:		BugZilla, TFS, Jira, Task, Rally

Browsers:		MS Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Opera

HP testing tools:	HP ALM, HP LoadRunner





PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:



07/16 - Present		Black box Tester, Apple inc., Sunnyvale, CA

Tested complex web based application Apple.com

Participated in creation of Test Documentation (Test Suites, Test Cases)

Worked with various Apple devices (iPhone 5s-6s, iPad 4th – Air2)

Worked with Android devices (Samsung Galaxy S7, Nexus 6p, Galaxy Note 10.1)

Created and maintained Bug Reports in Radar Bug Tracking System

Had experience with iOS 8 – 10

Had experience with Android 6

Worked closely with Mac OS

Tested Direct Emails (Layout, links, integration with Apple apps)

Worked with several email clients for mobile and desktop devices (Apple Mail, Gmail, Outlook, Yahoo, iCloud)

Worked with Apple Store application

Performed testing on Mac OS 10.8 – 10.12 and Windows 7 – 10

Worked with several browsers (Safari, Google Chrome, Mozilla FireFox, IE8 – 11, Edge)



04/16 - 06/16		Software QA Tester, Oculus/ Facebook, Menlo Park, CA

Tested Home operation system of Samsung Gear VR

Tested native applications for Samsung Gear VR

Worked with in-store payment system

Worked closely with Android Studio (ADB commands, Logcat, Emulators)

Created Test, Use Cases and maintained them

Created bug reports in Tasks system of Facebook and maintained them

Works with native mobile app Oculus

Performed Black box testing of both systems and integration between them (Home Samsung gear VR and Oculus mobile app)

Works with Unity 4,5 and Unreal game engines as a Black box tester

Tested 1st party (created by our development team) application for Home Samsung Gear VR system

Tested integration of 3rd party applications (created by other developers for our system)

Worked with several Samsung mobile devices and various versions of Android

Worked with several environments (production, development, QA builds)

Worked with several sets of Gear VR equipment



04/14 - 03/16		Software QA Tester, LASTH Corp., Los Altos, CA

Worked with complex web based application for bank (Siebel)

Performed functional testing for that app

Used HP LoadRunner for Load Testing (Script Creation, Parametrization, Running and Reports)

Participated in Test case and Use case creation in HP ALM

Created and used SQL query (Oracle, MySQL)

Worked with Jira bug tracking system.

Performed cross – browser testing

Tested mobile-bank application for mobile devices (iOS, Android, Windows phone)



02/14 - 04/14 		Software QA Engineer, Perfomance Labs, Moscow, Russia

Worked with complex web based application for bank (Siebel)

Performed functional testing for that app

Participated in Test case and Use case creation

Created and used SQL query

Worked with Jira bug tracking system.

Performed cross – browser testing

Tested mobile-bank application for mobile devices



05/12 - 01/14		Software QA Tester, Buka development, Moscow, Russia

Worked in strong Agile environment (2 week sprints)

Tested mobile applications

Worked with Rally bug tracking system

Worked with IOS Android (4,5), IOS (7,8), Windows Phone (8,8.1)

Performed integration testing for mobile devices

Performed Localization and Internationalization testing

Worked with Android Studio and xCode

Worked with several brands of devices and android skins





04/11 - 05/12		Software QA Engineer, Sberbank-Technology, Moscow, Russia 

Tested several web based apps:

      - Online store with assurance products

      - Online service for loans

      - Online Calendar for Coach activities 

Created test-plans and test-cases based on documentation in HP ALM and maintained them 

Created and ran SQL scripts (pgAdmin 4)

Performed load testing with HP Load Runner (Script Creation, Parametrization, Running and Reports)

Reported bugs in JIRA 



EDUCATION AND TRAINING:

2012	Software Quality Assurance, Bauman University, Moscow, Russia 

2010	AA in Public Relations, New University, Moscow, Russia



REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST\n
DEEPIKA SHASTRI

                                            deepika.shastri@gmail.com |+1(240)825-8139| 8125 48th Avenue, Md-20740



EDUCATION

University of Maryland-College Park                                                                                                          GPA-3.7/4

Masters of Science in Telecommunications                                                                                                    Fall 2016- Spring 2018

Technical Domain: AWS/PCS System Implementation, Digital Communication Systems, Telecommunications Marketing Management, Networks & Protocols I, Wireless OFDM Systems, Networks & Protocols II, Cell Site Design and Components, Antenna & Propagation, GSM, Wireless Communication  

Atria Institute of Technology, Bangalore                                                                                                                        

Bachelor of Engineering in Telecommunications                                                                                                                     06/15                                          

PROJECTS

Network Deployment for GSM, LTE & WCDMA Systems                                                                                Fall 2016

	Designed and simulated a cellular network deployment of GSM, LTE and WCDMA technologies for the city of Washington D.C and surrounding suburbs using Mentum Planet software 

	Completed the deployment simulation in four phases- Preliminary deployment, Fine tuning, LTE deployment and Interference analysis using Poseidon 

	Learned to balance resources with coverage quality as required in real world deployments, for 25 base stations, followed by a LTE deployment for 3 base stations 

	Performance evaluation of 16 QAM digital communication scheme using Simulink                                Fall 2016 

	Performed System level characterisation of 16- QAM communication system using Simulink and Gray Encoding to map the symbols 

	Evaluated SER and BER for different channel SNR by calculating tighter upper bound 

	Compared theoretical and practical results were against each other for sending 1 million symbols and found that they match each other till 15db of SNR

Marketing Plan Elements                                                                                                                                               Fall 2016

Performed situation analysis of the company’s current marketing environment (5 C’s) & evaluated the current marketing program employed in the organization

Employed problem solving methods in marketing operations to effectively utilize a company’s marketing resources and activities

Bharat Electronics Limited                                                                                                                                 Bangalore, India    

Design of an Automated Test System for a Duplex Filter (1350MHz to 1850 MHz)                                         01/15   

    Reduced manual effort and time required to calculate the 1dB bandwidth, insertion loss for the range of frequencies

    Learnt GPIB bus interface implementation for the external instrument control

    Operation of a Network Analyser and Duplex Filter

  INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCES

Nokia Networks                                                                                                                                                   Bangalore, India                                                Technical Intern                                                                                                                                                         04/15-01/16 

    Performed Sanity Testing, Regression Testing of 2G & 3G BTS software and feature testing

    Built Automation Framework for test cases and log collection using Python

    Prepared test environment as per test specifications and analysed logs

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

    Mentum Planet, Wireshark, Ride, Robot Frame Work, MATLAB, Simulink, Lab View, Visual Basic 

    Programming languages: C and C++, Python

    Wireless Protocols: TCP/IP, 802.11 b,g,a and n     

    Microsoft Office (Excel, Power Point, Word) 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

Upward Bound/Upward Bound Math & Science                                                                                                     12/16

 Provide academic tutoring (individual and small group) to students at a local target school

 Support professional lecturers’ instruction during Academy classes

 Respond to tutor requests, effectively organize and manage tutoring schedule to ensure that student needs are met

		Placement Co-ordinator of Telecommunication Department of 65 students                                                        07/14-07/15

		 Documented all program activity, tracked student placement in jobs and internships and presented periodic reports                   

		 to the Program Director

		 Developed and coordinated student workshops on resume writing, interviewing skills and more

Sergeant at ARMS of the Rotaract Club (District E, 3198) - A youth wing of Rotary Club                               06/15-06/16 

 Prepared the agenda for the weekly meetings 

 Provided administrative and programmatic support to 10 club events and 35 projects\n
ARWA HATIM GINWALA
3419 Tulane Drive #14, Hyattsville, MD 20783.
+1(240)-893-1617 aginwala@umd.edu
EDUCATION
M.S., Telecommunications Engineering, University of Maryland, College Park, MD.
Expected graduation: May 2017.
Relevant Coursework: Network and Protocols, Digital Communication, Cellular Communication Networks

GPA: 3.73/4.0

B.E ., Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering, Sinhagad College of Engineering, Pune University, India.
Graduated: May 2014.
GPA:3.90/4.0
Relevant Coursework: Data Structures, Microcontroller and Applications, System Programming and Operating System
SKILLS
 Languages: Java, Python, C, Exposure to MySQL, COBOL, and JCL,
 Networking Protocols: TCP/IP, IPv4, IPv6, DNS, HTTP, RIPv1,v2, OSPF, BGP,DHCP, UDP, STP, ARP, CSMA/CD
 Software: Wireshark, Cisco Packet Tracer, MATLAB, LTSpice, Altium, NI Multisim, LabView, Arduino, BMC ITSM 
 Computer skills: Windows OS, MAC OS, Microsoft Office Suite, Photoshop, exposure to LINUX
 Managerial skills: Scrum, Agile Methodology, SDLC
PROJECTS
Python application to simulate the down-link behavior of a 3-sectored basestation
April 2016-May 2016
 Simulated a 3-sectored base-station for 6 hours to serve 800 uniformly distributed users on an 8 km road.
 Recorded the dropped calls due to signal strength and capacity to calculate the Grade of Service.
 Handled hand offs between the sectors with efficient channel handling.
UDP implementation using JAVA Socket Programming
University of Maryland, College Park, MD,USA.
Oct 2015-Nov 2015
 Developed a distributed networking application in Java to send data from transmitter to receiver using socket programming
that can ensure reliable data transfer on the top of UDP’s unreliable communication services.
 Implemented cryptographic authentication such as RC4 stream encryption algorithm and integrity checks.
Human Health Status Monitoring and Disease Prediction System
Aug 2013- May 2014
Pune University, India.
 Researched, Designed and tested Microcontroller based system to measure human body temperature and pulse rate.
 Performed signal conditioning on sensor outputs using analog devices to send accurate digital input to Atmega16.
 Automated the system to give disease predictions instantaneously or averaged over automated hourly or daily readings.
 Awarded 3rd best place out of 40 projects.
ACHIVEMENTS
Patent: Ginwala, Arwa (co-inventor).2015. METHODS AND SYSTEM FOR A TURBOCHARGER. US Patent Number
14/931906, filed Nov. 04, 2015 Patent Pending.
Paper: Lead author, “Measurement And Wireless Transmission Of Vital Health Parameters” published in International

Journal Of Science, Engineering And Technology Research (IJSETR), Vol 3, Issue 9, September 2014.
Certification:
 “Data Structures and Algorithms” www.Coursera.com, by University of California, San Diego.
 C Programming, SEED Infotech Pvt. Ltd., India
 CCNA Training, expected certification July 2016.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Intern for Product Design and Development, N5 Sensors Inc., MD. USA.
Nov 2015 - Present
 Member of team developing products for Homeland Security and NASA.
 Designed and developed an Arduino based System to measure ambient temperature and humidity using DHT22 sensor.
 Implemented Bluetooth data transmission to display the sensor output on an Android application developed in JAVA.
 Designed a circuit and PCB layout for signal processing and A/D conversion of Gas sensor output.
Associate Software Engineer, Accenture, Pune, India.
Aug 2014 – June 2015
 Supported backend databases for 12 banking applications in Mainframe environment. Created, monitored and 
resolved problem tickets for clients using BMC ITSM ticket handling tool.
 Developed automation codes using COBOL and JCL. Conducted quality assurance testing.
 Awarded 50 performance points for delivering presentations on client’s functional requirements to the team .
Intern, General Electric Global Research, Bangalore, India.
June 2013- July 2013
 Designed and developed a signal processing circuitry using Op-Amps for Turbocharger Health Monitoring.
 Carried out simulations of Analog Circuit using LTSpice and used MATLAB to analyze the results.
 Tested the circuit using bread board in Lab environment and designed a PCB for prototyping.
ACTIVITIES
Representative, Graduate Student Government, University of Maryland, College Park
Treasurer, Sponsorship and Campaigning committee, Sinhgad College of Engineering, India
Tutor, Student Awareness Contest 2012,IEEE Pune Section, India.

Spring-Fall 2016
Sep 2012-April 2014
Aug 2012-Dec 2012

\n
YEON CHOI
100 Ladyshire Ln #A306, Rockville, MD 20850
Mobile: (617)230-8957
yeon.choi@gmail.com

SUMMARY

Highly certified DBA with over 12 years experience in supporting and administer ing RDBMS in various
Operating System environments. Respected as a hard-working team player, dedicated to providing
personable and excellent client service.

SKILLS


Databases: Oracle 7, 8, 8i, 9i, 10g, and 11g. MySQL 4.1, 5.0, 5.1, 5.5. Microsoft SQL Server
2000, 2005, 2008. PostgresSQL 8.x. Microsoft Access.



Applications: Oracle Enterprise Manager, Oracle Grid Control, MySQL Enterprise Monitor, Oracle
Forms and Reports, Oracle 9i/10g Application Server , Business Objects. Quest TOAD, DBArtisan.



Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, Shell Scripting, PHP, C++, JavaScript, XML, and HTML.



Server and Storage Technologies: Red Hat Linux, Ubuntu, SUSE, Sun Sparc Solaris, Compaq
Tru64, HP-UX, Windows NT 4.0/2000/2003/2008. EMC Clariion, HP EVA, Veritas Cluster Server

EXPERIENCE
DBA Consultant

RIVA

November 2011 – Present
Rockville, Maryland



Hired as a consultant to assess the MySQL environment at AHRQ (Agency for Healthcare Research
and Quality) and implemented improvements in the following areas: security, database
configuration settings, backup/recovery, and performance.



Environment consists of MySQL 5.1 /5.5 databases running on Ubuntu supporting many COTS
software (Drupal, Alfresco, Wordpress, Atlassian Confluence/Jira/ Crowd).



Assisting with data center migration of the MySQL databases and its associated applications.



Formulating and testing a backup and recovery strategy for the databases and its application s.

Senior Database Administrator

TerpSys

August 2007 – Present
Rockville, Maryland



Provide database support to various applications for the NCI division of the NIH.



Responsible for managing MySQL database infrastructure for NCI Center for Bioinformatics .



Implementing MySQL replication for high availability needs and as part of backup strategy.



Coordinate Oracle CPU/PSU patching on Development, QA, Staging, and Production environments.



Project lead for database upgrade and migration projects.



Implemented SQL Server 2005 and 2008 in a clustered environment to support various
applications with MSSQL Server backend.

Lead Database Administrator

Target Software, a Blackbaud Company

June 2006 – July 2007
Cambridge, Massachusetts



Client faced role in providing high-level consulting, performance tuning, and troubleshooting
complex issues on a variety of system platforms.



Lead technical resource on major software upgrade and Oracle migration projects. Developed a
record of successfully completing projects on time and under budget.



Experienced in training clients and staff on DBA concepts and softw are architecture. Mentored
and managed junior members of the team.



Developed strong and positive relationships with key clients by providing a high level of customer
service. Repeatedly requested by clients for subsequent projects .

Oracle Database Administrator

Target Software, Inc.

May 2003 – Sep 2005
Cambridge, Massachusetts



Supported and administered over 30 client production databases up to 350GB in size . Performed
frequent refreshes of test databases.



Responsible for maintaining backups of all databases. Designed and implemented backup and
recovery strategies to maintain availability and recoverability needs.



Chosen to be the lead DBA on critical projects, converting new client databases. Spearheaded a
major project that required the implementation of materialized views as a way of replicating data
across networks.



Performed basic DBA duties: Monitored databa se capacity issues, troubleshooted performance
issues using Statspack, tracing, and explain plans. Planned tablespace reorganization and index
rebuilds after analysis.



Routinely installed Oracle Server, Developer Tools, and Application Server. Migrated d atabases
from versions 7 to 8i, 8i to 9i, and 9i to 10g.



Recipient of Employee Recognition in March of 2004 for outstanding dedication and hard work.

Systems Support Analyst

Target Software, Inc.

Feb 2001 - May 2003
Cambridge, Massachusetts



Investigated problems reported by clients and fixed bugs in Team Approach® software.



Integral part of development process, packaging and delivering new version releases.



Applied Team Approach software upgrades for client and internal databases.

Quality Assurance Engineer

Computer Engineering & Research, Inc.

May 1999 – Feb 2000
Wellesley, Massachusetts



Assisted in the development of complex software for project -oriented business in a Microsoft
Access environment.



Daily operations included performing tests, reporting and fixing bugs, and documenting the Online
Help.



Installed and set up Microsoft SQL Server for operations that included backup and recovery,
importing and exporting.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Tufts University

Medford, Massachusetts


Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Minor in Economics

Certifications


Oracle 9i OCP DBA



Oracle 10g: Managing Oracle on Linux Certified Expert



MySQL 5.0 Certified DBA



MySQL 5.1 Cluster Certified DBA



Microsoft Certified IT Professional: SQL Server 2008



Red Hat 6 Certified System Administrator



Cisco Certified Network Associate



Cisco Certified Design Associate

Training


Oracle 9i Database Administration Fundamentals II



Oracle 9i Database Performance Tuning



Oracle 10g: Managing Oracle on Linux for DBAs



MySQL 5.0 for Database Administrators



Microsoft SQL Server 2008 for the Experienced Oracle Database Administrator



Red Hat 6 Certified System Administrator - Rapid Track (RH 200)



Cisco CCNA Bootcamp Training, including ICND1 and ICND2



Cisco CCDA Bootcamp Training

REFERENCES

Available upon request

2001

\n
Chakradhara Konduru

                                                                          DevOps/Middleware Engineer

Phone: 779.324.2574                                                                                                     Email: chakradhara.konduru@gmail.com





OBJECTIVE:



Meticulous DevOps/Middleware Engineer with a solid understanding of AWS, expertise working with automation tools and strong middleware server’s administration skill is seeking to leverage my services to contribute for the success of the organization by increasing performance, stability and reducing the error rates.



PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:



6 + years experienced IT software engineer worked for 13 projects with 4 clients having strong background in designing and implementing solutions along with technical management experience. 

2 + years of combined experience as a DevOps engineer and Middleware Engineer for 4 projects with 2 clients dedicated to configuration management and automation.

2 years experienced DevOps Engineer worked for 4 projects with 2 clients, implemented DevOps on AWS Infrastructure, worked as DevOps Engineer on AWS and Automation for Linux and Unix systems.

2 + years experienced worked on 61 UNIX/LINUX platforms for 70 different development teams with configuration management tools such as Puppet, continuous integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD) using Jenkins, Gradle and Maven build tool, cloud architecture Pivotal, Cloud Foundary, AWS ,Version control using GIT, SVN, and extensive programming in BASH.

5 + years experienced Middleware Engineer handling 1015 + J2EE applications with administration of Middleware technologies such as Oracle Web Logic, IBM Web Sphere, Tomcat and JBoss application servers, Apache and IBM-HTTP web Server.

Hands on experience on 250 + Linux/Unix platforms. Installed, Configured, Builded the Environment, Upgraded, Maintained and experienced trouble-shooter, fixed issues on Oracle Web Logic, IBM Web Sphere, JBoss and Apache Tomcat application servers.

Experienced with Docker container to transport any application to be run on any operating system/environment.

Expertise in Build and Release management usingng Jenkins (CI/CD).

Expertise with Puppet Configuration management tool. Installed and configured master, agent and admin control work station and automated configurations 10 + times. 

Created and updated 8 + Puppet manifests, modules, files, and packages stored in the GIT repository.

Hands on experience with Ansible for deployments, services restart, alerts generation and yaml files configuration.

Created 5 + ansible playbooks and wrote python modules to automate the installation of packages.

Created 10 + cookbooks to automate the installation of packages, services and applications on nodes using chef infrastructure automation tool.

Worked on several DevOps tools Subversion(SVN), GIT, Ant, MAVEN, Puppet, Chef, Ansible and Docker for Build, deploy, continuous integration to help developers work in an Agile environment.

Experienced in Agile Methodology, deployed applications, worked on Load Balancing and Fail over functionality techniques in clustered environment.

Experienced in Installing and configuring plug-ins for web servers to communicate with Application Servers.

Created 100 + Cron jobs for timely running of tasks. Developed 50 +  start up, shutdown, back-up and recovery scripts for Web Servers and Application servers.

Developed 50 + UNIX shell scripts and implemented auto deployment process.

Extensive experience as trouble-shooter, fixed 500 + J2EE application issues by using Thread Dumps. Also, fixed TCP Dumps for network issues.

Installed, Configured, Maintained, Troubleshooted and fixed 250 + Application Servers on multiple platforms of SUN Solaris 9.0/10.0, Linux, UNIX and Windows environments.

Configured and deployed  1000 + application builds for multiple applications on WebLogic application server (10.3.x, 11g, 12c) hosted on Linux/Unix platform.

Configured and deployed 250 + web applications on JBOSS application servers hosted on Linux and Windows platform.

Installed and maintained  Tomcat server for 20 + JSP/Servlet (.war based) applications and  Apache web server acting as proxy server.

Expertise in tuning Application Server performance by changing the Heap Size parameters and tuning JVM's Garbage Collector.

Troubleshooted and fixed 1500+ issues faced by 750 + developers within Middleware technologies on both UNIX/LINUX platform and maintained UNIX servers which involved both pre-prod and prod servers.

Provided 24x7 support for Production and Development Environments.

Documented 600 + files with client experiences their problems and respective solutions

Self-starter and a good team player with excellent interpersonal communication and presentation skills.



Technical skills :



Web/Application Servers   

	WebLogic Server 8.1 (sp3 - sp6), 9.2MP2 & […] 11g, 12c, Apache Tomcat  6.x, 7.x, 8.x, JBOSS 6.x/7.x, WebSphere […] 8.5.5, Apache 2.2, 2.4, IBM-  HTTP Server

Version Control Tools 		 

Subversion(SVN), GIT

	Build Tools			 

	Ant, MAVEN.

CI Tools

Jenkins

Automation Tools

	Puppet, Chef, Ansible.

	Containers

Docker, Openshift

AWS

	EC2, EBS, S3, VPC, RDS, SES, ELB, EMR, ECS, Cloud Front, Cloud Formation, Elastic Cache, Cloud Watch, RedShift, Lambda, SNS, Dynamo DB.

Operating Systems

	Red Hat Linux, Windows […], Sun Solaris, HP-UX.

Scripting

	Shell scripting (Bourne, Korn, C and Bash), Python,WLST scripting, Perl scripting.

Database systems		            

	Oracle, MySQL, MS SQL.

Tools & Environment       		

	Eclipse, VMware 6, Wireshark, NetBeans, Toad, Putty, JIRA, Cron Jobs,               OpenSSH.

Protocols			

TCP/IP, SNMP, POP/SMTP, HTTP, FTP

Programming Languages	            

Java/J2EE, C, C++, SQL, PL-SQL

Markup Languages

HTML, CSS

Business Tools                         	

MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, Power Point), MS Visio (UML, Flow Charts, Use Cases, Activity diagrams, Sequence diagrams



Professional Experience



North Western Mutual - Milwaukee, WI			                                                          Apr 2016 to Present

DevOps/ Middleware Engineer (Weblogic)

Responsibilities:

	Installation and Configuration of BEA WebLogic Application Server 9.2 and Oracle WebLogic 10.3/11g/12c on SUN Solaris 9.0/10.0 and Windows environment.

	Migrated WebLogic 10.3.x to JBOSS Eap 6.x for 355 applications and involved in complete evaluation, feasibility, contacting Red hat team for any code changes if required.

	Determined and suggested hardware and software specifics to the System and customized as per the requirements. 

	Configured Node Manager for running managed servers 

	Installed and configured Apache HTTP Server 2.0, Tomcat 6.0, IIS 6 and Sun One Web Servers in various environments.

	Installed and configured plug-ins for Apache HTTP server and Sun One Web server to proxy the request for Weblogic server.

	Experience in analysing the proxy server log in comparison with Weblogic logs to narrow down the malformed request. 

	Performed migration and upgraded Weblogic server 10.x to Weblogic 11x and to the recent version12c.

Worked  on setting up LDAP, SSL certificates on WebLogic using the key stores. 

Extensive working knowledge on automation for deployment/ configuration of different Application servers (WebLogic, Was, JBoss) and Web Servers (Apache, Nginx) and Web Containers like Tomcat etc. 

Experience in Load Balancing to configure Load Balancer rules to evenly distribute traffic between multiple servers.

Performed Deployment of Release to various QA & UAT in Linux environments.

Created automated build and deployment process for 150 + applications, performed re-engineering to setup for better user experience, and built a continuous integration system for 150 + products.

Defined Release Process & Policy for 45 + applications early in SDLC.

Designed different Release Environments for 50 + projects.

Designed and Implemented build framework for 100 + applications using Jenkins & maven as build framework tools. 

Used Jenkins AWS Code Deploy plug-in to deploy to AWS.

Managed Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure for 10 + applications with automation and configuration management tools such as Udeploy, Puppet or custom-built .

Designed cloud-hosted solutions, specific AWS product suite experience.

Involved in Integration of Automated Build with Deployment Pipeline for 75 + applications. 

Installed Chef Server and clients to pick up the Build from Jenkins repository and deploy in target environments (Integration, QA, and Production). 

Installed and configured an automated tool Puppet 25 + times that included the installation and configuration of the Puppet master, agent nodes and an admin control workstation. 

Created 8 + Puppet manifests and modules to automate the configurations of systems operations.

Deployed Puppet, Puppet dashboard and Puppet DB for configuration management to 100+ existing infrastructures.

Used Puppet to make sure the Jenkins slaves are coordinated.

Did upgrades to 75 + applications using Puppet modules.

Developed Puppet modules to install Tomcat, JBOSS, WEBLOGIC, WAS, SOLR servers, Zookeeper and Beaker Ruby test scripts to test the modules.

Built applications (EAR, WAR, JAR) using ANT,MAVEN scripts. Deployed/undeployed applications like (EAR, WAR, JAR) using Shell scripts. 

Worked on installation of Docker using Docker toolbox. 

Worked on creation of custom Docker container images, tagging and pushing the images

Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto  scaling, multi AZ VPC, IAM and Cloud Watch. 

Configured Ec2 container service (ECS) and Docker engine to deploy the micro services-oriented environments for scalable applications.

Migrated applications to the AWS cloud. 

Work with different team members for automation of Release components.

Scripted in multiple languages on UNIX, LINUX and Windows – Batch, Shell script etc.

Installed and configured LAMP servers like Apache/Tomcat/MySQL/PHP.

Troubleshoot the build issues during the Jenkins build process.

Resolved system issues and inconsistencies in coordination with quality assurance and engineering teams.



Environment: Red Hat Linux 5/6,x, WebLogic, JBoss, Apache/Tomcat/MySQL/PHP, GIT, JENKINS, PUPPET, CHEF, DOCKER, MAVEN, AWS, EC2, WEBSPHERE, ANT,PUTTY, CONFLUENCE.





Comcast, Denver, CO		      		      					       Jul 2015 to March 2016

DevOps/Middleware Admin

Responsibilities:   



Worked from Scratch, like choosing hardware specifications, Installed required tools on my virtual machine and administered , monitored different servers. 

Troubleshooted and resolved 50 + of build and deployment issues in preprod/prod environments. 

Installed and administered Artifactory repository. Deployed more than 200 artifacts generated by Maven and to store the dependent jars which are used during the build.

Involved in setting up JIRA as defect tracking system and configured various workflows, customizations and plugins for the JIRA bug/issue tracker. 

Setting up continuous integration and formal builds using Jenkins with Artifactory repository 

Installed, Deployed Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.x/7.x, CentOS and installation of packages and patches for Red Hat Linux Servers. 

Installed Configured and Administered WebLogic Application Server 8.x/9.x/10.x/11g on Linux, Solaris and Windows Environment. 

Maintained build related scripts developed in ANT, shell. 

Modified build configuration files including Ant's build.xml. 

Worked on Setting up Chef Workstation, Working with Chef Cookbooks, Chef Recipes and Chef Attributes. 

Installed and monitored tools on Windows and Linux Environments. 

Wrote Scripts for automatic Deployment through Bamboo. 

Developed Automation script to trigger push to production from Jira, invoke Build in Bamboo and deploy to target servers. 

Automated scheduling /Periodically builds and Deployments on timely basis. 

Created Jira workflows to automate deployment and issue tracking. 

set up build notifications, created the users and assigned the permissions on bamboo. 

Deploy the all build artifacts in tomcat server and resolved the issues for any failed jobs. 

Used Jenkins to automate everyday builds, testing and deployed in artifactory and tomcat servers. 

Installed and administered Artifactory repository to deploy the artifacts generated by Maven and to store the dependent jars which are used during the build. 

Resolved update, merge and password authentication issues in Bamboo and JIRA. 

Deploy, configure using Hudson, Jenkins, Hudson, BladeLogic, Git and SVN – Dev, QA and Prod. 



Environment: Oracle WebLogic Application Server, Git, , Tomcat, Apache, Oracle 12c, Jenkins, Python, Ruby Chef, JIRA, Maven, Art factory, Ubuntu, CentOS, Linux, AWS ELB, AWS S3, AWS Cloud Formation Templates, AWS RDS, AWS Cloud Watch



Infosys Limited , INDIA 									                Jan 2011 – June 2015

Client: Pfizer Inc

Role – Middleware Systems/ Platform Maintenance Engineer (Weblogic)  

Responsibilities:

Installed, Configured, Maintained, Troubleshoot and fixed BEA WebLogic Application Server 9.2 and Oracle WebLogic 10.3/11g/12c on 250+ platforms of SUN Solaris 9.0/10.0, Linux, UNIX and Windows environments.

Configured and deployed the application builds for 850+ applications on WebLogic application server (10.3.x, 11g, 12c) hosted on Linux/Unix platform.

Configured and deployed 65 web applications on JBOSS application servers hosted on Linux and Windows platform.

Installed and maintained 22 Tomcat and 35 Apache web servers.

Implemented Oracle Fusion Middleware components for systems integration on WebLogic 11g and OAS 10g platforms.

Administered Oracle SOA 11g/12c for 3 Pfizer business applications.

Deployed 220 application builds on the pre-prod environment to reduce prod web application stability issues.

Involved in changing the configuration of new builds on the existing environment and deployed to QA, Stage and Production environments as required.

Configured node manager associated with managed servers to a machine to control/monitor-managed servers on various physical boxes.

Configured clustering to maintain high availability of 210+ Business critical applications.

Involved in configuring Multi data source for load balancing and Grid link data source in 11g to provide Fast Connection Failover (FCF), Runtime Connection Load-Balancing (RCLB), and RAC instance graceful shutdown. 

Configured JDBC connections, JMS server, JTA, JNDI, SNMP and Node Manager to administer the Managed Servers in WebLogic Application Server.

Implemented security by configuring Secured Socket Layer (SSL) for client authentication and data encryption.

Monitored WebLogic/Jboss Server health and security.

Created Connection Pools and Data Sources in WebLogic console.

Created and Configured Data Sources for database connectivity and JMS resources.

Involved and taken care of performance tuning of JVM heap size, garbage collections, java stack and Native thread & production performance.

Worked on tuning Application Server, and Web Servers by changing the Heap Size parameters and tuning JVM's Garbage Collector.

Upgraded WebLogic server 9.2 to WebLogic 10.3.6 and updated JDK's and installed service packs and patches.

Working knowledge of using several DevOps tools Subversion(SVN), GIT, Ant, MAVEN, Puppet, Chef, Ansible and Docker for Build, deploy, continuous integration to help developers work in an Agile environment.

Worked and collaborated with different teams to automate and improve the migration process.

Developed and ran UNIX shell and perl scripts and implemented auto deployment process.

Wrote more than 50 shell scripts with 30+ lines of code (LOC) used for automation to install and administer WebLogic and Jboss platforms.

Troubleshoot and fixed issues faced by Pfizer clients for UNIX platform and maintained 155 UNIX servers which involved both pre-prod and prod servers.

Documented 300 files with client experiences their problems and respective solutions



Client: DICK’S Sporting Goods.

Responsibilities: (WebLogic and WebSphere)

Helped Developers to follow J2EE standards for an application with 700+ lines of code (LOC).

Responsible for system analysis, design and development using J2EE architecture. 

Implemented OOPs concepts and have good understanding of core JAVA.

Installed and configured IBM WebSphere Portal Server 6.0.x, WebSphere and IBM HTTP Server 6.

Installed WebSphere commerce server for Dick’s Sporting Goods (DSG) e-commerce website.

Applied Fix packs / e Fixes / Refresh packs / Cumulative fix packs for WAS using Update Installer and automated it.

Administered and Maintained WAS Network Deployment Manager clusters (vertical, horizontal) and deployed applications in highly available, load balanced production environments.

Provided 24*7 support to the WebSphere commerce server developers for deployments, restarts and several bug fixes.

Administered WebSphere application server in the UNIX platform for dev, Qa and prod environments.

Created roles based on Administration (Administrator, Monitor, Operator and Configuration).

Knowledge in using WSADMIN (AdminConfig, AdminApp, AdminControl, Help) commands.

Configured WebSphere resources like JDBC providers, JDBC data sources, connection pooling, and Java Mail sessions.

Experience with monitoring the JVM performance by WebSphere Heap Size, garbage collection, JDBC Pools.

Troubleshoot and fixed issues faced by DSG wcs developers and ensured proper closure of the 1200 tickets raised by them.

Documented 175 issues with its solutions based on the client experiences.



Education:																		

      Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication , 					2007 – 2011.   

      Amrita School of Engineering, Bangalore – INDIA                                                                      CGPA: 3.73/4.00.

Paul Edens | Page 1\n
Mihir     Mohanty

Experience Summary

Consultant with 15 yrs. of experience in Testing of Banking, E-commerce and Insurance industries

Comprehensive & in-depth knowledge of the Waterfall, Agile, Extreme Programming Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)

Expertise in Mercury &Rational defect tracking tools.

Expert in Functional / Black Box Testing

Expertise in developing Test Plans and Execution of Test Cases for Manual & Automated Testing and Business Process Flows

Expertise in formulating and evolving Testing Methodologies and Test Strategies.

Skilled in translating requirements into Test Cases.

Good at Integration Testing, GUI Testing, Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Adhoc Testing, Load & Performance Testing, Stress Testing, UAT (User Acceptance Testing)

Experienced in using Load Runner for Load, Stress and Performance Testing and to analyze the results

Experience in using QTP/UFT for functional and regression testing

Expertise in Problem solving and Bug Tracking Reports using Test Director and ALM.

Extensive experience in Positive, Negative testing, Data Driven Testing and GUI Testing, System testing

Performed queries to the database using SQL scripts to validate the data.

Motivated self-starter with exceptional Team Building, Leadership and interpersonal skills.

Experienced in creating Business Requirement Document (BRD), Functional and Non-Functional Requirement Documents

Working knowledge with platforms like UNIX, Solaris and Linux.

Good working knowledge of Clear Case and Clear Quest for Configuration Management



Education

M. S. Computer Application from University College of Engineering ,Burla, India August 2001

B. S. Physics from  Ispat college, Sambalpur University, India  November 1997

University 3rd Rank holder in B. S. Physics

Merit Scholarship(From Standard VII to M. S. Degree)

Relevant Experience

Oct 2009 May 2010 – Till Date

Client: Census, Suitland, MD

QA/Functional Analyst



Responsibilities:

Test lead for some of the major testing efforts to enhance Commerce Standard Acquisition and Reporting System (CStars).

Responsible for ensuring the quality of the software programs deployed into production.

Assisted Business user and End Users with outstanding production issues.

Developed and maintained biweekly status reports using Excel Macros and Visual Basic applications (VBA).

Created and maintained metrics using Microsoft Office Suite that generates biweekly and monthly graphs and reports to report testing progress, issues and risks to the client.

Involved in quality analysis and testing of feeder applications and other Core Financial System (CFS) applications before migrating to production environment.

Involved in multiple project implementations listed below:

Lead Tester for client/server to web migration testing project for CBS Employee Interface application.

 Coordinated and tested the CUR application that automates CBS User Re-authorization process that is used to review and re-authorize user's application and database roles according to BOC IT Security Program Policy.

 Tested new CCR Interface developed by CSC to be interfaced with Core Financial System.

 Lead tester for new C.Buy 5.9i version that has FPDS-NG 1.4 compatibility upgrades.



Oct 2009 Feb 2010 – April 2010

Client: Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, WA

  Lead QL QA Performance Lead



Responsibilities:

Involved in meeting with users and writing the functional and technical requirement documentation.

Developed the application using the .net framework

Analyse, Test and find the bottleneck to increase the performance of the application

Wrote the PL SQL/SQL to update the database based upon the scenario.

Support the UAT





Oct 2009 Oct 2009 – Jan 2010

                Client: Alliant Energy, Cedar Rapids, IA

  Lead QL BA/QA Lead



Responsibilities:

Involved in meeting with users and writing the functional and technical requirement documentation.

Involved in all stages of testing process Development of Test Plan and Test cases based upon requirements and performed Ad hoc Testing, Positive & Negative testing, Functional Testing, Regression Testing, System Testing and support for User Acceptance Testing. 

Creating the test cases for AD status 

Writing the SQL to update the database based upon the scenario

Using Quality Center for traceability and reporting by linking documents like Business Requirements, wrote test cases in Test Plan, and executed test scripts in Test Lab and locking Defects.

Creating and Executing the test cases for VOIP telephone device testing

Used SQL Queries for data validation in ETL process and also in validation of BO Reports 



Mar 200  April 2009 – Sept 2009

                Client: Sallie Mae, Cedar Rapids, IA

 Test Lea BA/QA Lead



Responsibilities:

Involved in meeting with users and BA and examined the business, functional and technical requirement documentation.

Develop the Test Plan and Test cases based upon requirements

Performed Ad hoc Testing, Positive & Negative testing, and Functional Testing, Regression Testing, System Testing and support for User Acceptance Testing. 

Involved in testing all phases of Migration from Mainframe ( Class )  to Oracle (Falcon) Databases and ETL processes 

Consult Analytics team to ensure correct understanding of business rules.

 Verify and validate that transformed data reconciles back to the source system.  

Using ALM for traceability and reporting by linking documents like Business Requirements and wrote test cases in Test Plan and executed test scripts in ALM and locking Defects.

Participating in Daily/weekly meetings for status updates and changes on the project.

Involved in creating UFT framework and created automation test scripts using UFT.



June 200 June 2008 – Mar 2009 

                 Client: John Hancock, Boston, MA

QA Test  QA Lead



Responsibilities:

Involved in meeting with users and BA and examined the business, functional and technical requirement documentation.

Involved in all stages of testing process Development of Test Plan and Test cases based upon requirements and performed Ad hoc Testing, Positive & Negative testing, Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Integration Testing and support for User Acceptance Testing.

Preparing the test scenario for testing the rate for care choice and corp choice

Writing and executing the test case in the test management tool Rally

Log the Defect using the Rally

Prepared the automation testing framework for the Test complete

Prepared the 10,000 scenario for verifying the rate using automation tool QTP.

Write the VB script to automate the rate calculation to test the care and corp choice rate

Write the SQl queries to validate the application with the SQL server database.

Involved in Web service and XML testing

Each day doing the Build process and make the application available for testing

Created and executed various Scripts for the Application and identified the response time under the load using Load Runner.



Mar 200  March 2008 – May 2008  

                                       Client: DHL, Phoenix, AZ

QA Test  Software Tester (Siebel)



Responsibilities:

Preparing test plan document for both Siebel applications (comet and analytics application).

Preparing the test scenario for both comet and comet analytics. 

Log the Defect using the Quality Center

Write and Execute the  test cases using the Quality Center

Write the SQL to validate the application data with the Teradata.

Write the test script using QTP to test the business scenario of the application 

Creating the Performance Test plan.

Created Virtual Users and Scenarios for monitoring the system Performance using Load Runner.

Analysed the performance of the Application by generating Transaction response time graphs and Reports.







July 200  July 2007 – Feb 2008

                Client: Anheuser-Busch, St. Louis, MO

                Company: Ajilon Consulting

Senior Q Software Tester (SAP)



Responsibilities:

Interact with the client and understanding the client requirement

Prepared the Project Document.

Created Purchase Requisition, Request for Quotes(RFQ), Purchase Order, Good Receipt,  Service Acceptance

Created and Executed the Test cases using Quality Center

Tested of email notification for the client

Updating the AB mobility application test cases.

Executing the AB mobility application test cases

Testing the AB Mobility (handheld) features like loading the items, order the item, creating invoice receipt, payment receipt.

Compatibility testing between the AB mobility (handheld) software and the RAS (3rd party vendor) software.

Uploading and downloading of xml file and testing the relation in the xml file.

Created the performance test plan.

Created Virtual Users and Scenarios for monitoring the system Performance using Load Runner.

Analysed the performance of the Application by generating Transaction response time graphs and Reports.

Suggest how to improve the performance for the application on that particular Environment.





Sept 200 Sept 2005 – Jan 2007

                Client: IBM, Redwood shore, CA

                Company: IBM Global Services(India)

Senior Q  QA Engineer (Siebel)



Responsibilities:

To Analyse the functional specifications from the Base line Documentation

Siebel Configuration

Workflow Design

To Prepare test scenario for the work flow of the module test cycle

To Prepare test conditions and Test Cases for modules assigned

To monitor Execution of Manual Scripts for my team(CS)

To Analyse the Test Result and Trouble Shoot Functional Defects

To Prioritize Bugs according to severity and Defects and Maintain Defect Report

To conduct Defect tracking according to status and Priority and maintenance of defects

To monitor eBiz (Siebel Proprietary Defect Logging and tracking tool) entries of my team

Created and executed various Scripts for the Application and identified the response time under the load using Load Runner.

Created Virtual Users and Scenarios for monitoring the system Performance using Load Runner

Analysed the performance of the Application by generating Transaction response time graphs and Reports

Run the Script on batch mode using Test harness

Analyse the functional requirements from the base line documentation





Nov 200  Nov 2003 – Aug 2005          C

Comp                

Client: S   Client: Summit Information System, Corvallis, OR

Compa     Company : Bluestar Infotech(India)

    Senior Senior QA Engineer



	Responsibilities:

Developed software using Java and J2ee.

Prepare the unit test scenario. 

Design the Automation framework

Log the defect using the tool Clear Quest

Preparation of Daily and Weekly status report as per the client requirement.

Preparing the Traceability Matrix and Test Report

Place all the testing related document in the Clearcase

Create the  Vuser script

Create Test Scenario.

Incorporate the test scenario with the Vuser script

Run the Scenario.

Analyse the Result



Jan 01 –   Aug 2001 - Nov 2003

                                        Company: Vouch Technologies, India

 QA AnalQA Engineer



Responsibilities:

Involved understanding the Application.

Design and develop  the application with J2ee

Responsible for Documentation testing & Regression testing after fixing the bugs and verified that the fixes didn’t create problems elsewhere

Creating the automation script using TSL in Winrunner.

Created and executed various Scripts for the Application and identified the response time under the load using Load Runner

Created Virtual Users and Scenarios for monitoring the system Performance using Load Runner

Analyzed the performance of the Application by generating Transaction response time graphs and Reports



Certifications and Training

SIEBEL Certification 

SDLC Training

Quality Assurance Training

Test Automation Training(Selenium)

Awards, Citations, and Memberships

Outstanding Performance Award for CStars production support

Security Clearance

Public Trust Clearance, Census, 2010\n
Christopher J. Palting
9719 Polished Stone, Columbia, MD 21046
Phone: (410) 206-6163|e-mail: cpalting@terpmail.umd.edu
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
Bachelor of Arts, Economics

Cumulative GPA: 3.9
Expected Graduation: May 2019

Mount Saint Joseph High School

Cumulative GPA: 4.2

Awards/Leadership: National Honor Society; Varsity Baseball player, Defensive Player of the Year; Brother James Kelly
CFX award at graduation; Speech and Debate member, qualified for State competition

EXPERIENCE
University Recreation and Wellness, University of Maryland
College Park, MD
Business Member Services Supervisor
February 2016-Present
• Manages all concerns and monetary transactions while communicating with members and visitors interested in
enhancing their life by being active and living well
• Supervises co-workers and ensures error-free purchases in approximately 60 transactions per week, using
software designed for member management and point of sale
Campus Recreation Services, University of Maryland
College Park, MD
Office Assistant
July 2015-August 2015
• Personally interacted with members of the professional staff to help with special projects
• Spent time organizing employee information and using a database to communicate that information to employers

ACTIVITIES
Middle States Association
Baltimore, MD
Student Ambassador
January 2014-May 2015
• Represented the student body of Mount Saint Joseph High School (approximately 1200 students) at school board
meetings to accurately portray the ideas and opinions of classmates
• Developed and pitched suggestions on improving the productivity and management of the school, while
communicating with the student body to convey their ideas
• Influenced “Solution Showcase” curriculum to enhance College Preparatory education and apply education
outside of the classroom
O’Neil Peer Education Program
Baltimore, MD
Peer Educator
October 2013-February 2014
• Taught a classroom of thirty freshmen per year about responsible decision making on issues such as drugs,
alcohol, and depression
• As a Senior, mentored Juniors entering the peer education program about issues as well as effective classroom
strategies and lesson plans
Special Olympics
Howard County, MD
Mentor/Coach/Lane Manager
August 2013-May 2014
• Assisted those with mental disabilities pursue their dreams of competition and athletics in Bowling and
Basketball
• Managed four lanes of approximately 16 athletes and 4 mentors during County bowling competition

\n
Antionette Chinnery

802 Lakeside Drive

Garner NC 27529

919-904-9207

amoore204@yahoo.com



OBJECTIVE:  The ability to work for and excel in an enterprising company that embraces excellent skills already acquired from various contracting positions, the education and training gained, one that will further career advancement opportunities.



EXPERIENCE:

Customer Service Specialist (contractor) Mayne Pharma (6/27/2016 – 11/13/2016)

Process invoices for SPS and RXTPL

Reprint invoices and email to customers for payment

Audit lots to seek any discrepancies

Update contract pricing in IContracts and QAD

Electronic Filing and Scanning of Invoices

Email Missing invoices to customers upon request

Assist with chargebacks and returns

Ensure customer contacts are updated

Create and update Excel spreadsheets for specific projects

Delinquency Management Specialist Seterus Inc Durham NC (04/2015 – 6/15/2016)

Assisting customers with solutions for bringing loans current by creating repayment plans

Collections processing payments and document collection

Extending modification and trial plan offers

Assisting customers with website support and updating account information

Customer Service Specialist Securus Incorporated Cary NC (04/2014 - 03/2015)

Assisting customers with activations and technical support for tracking devices

Collections utilizing the dunning process for payments, suspensions, and cancellations

Answering customer support emails

Testing devices to ensure they have ability to connect to network

Document Control Specialist Rabon and Daley CPA Firm Raleigh NC (10/2013 - 4/2014)

Organizing and scanning past and present tax returns by year

Electronic Scanning and filing of previous year tax documents 

Back-up receptionist answering incoming calls 

Assisting customers retrieving tax returns.

Import/Export Clerk (contractor) Teleflex Medical Durham NC (09/17/2012 – 7/31/2013)

Create Certificates of Origin for producers of medical devices

Scanning Certificates Of Origin to Customs for product release

Maintaining excel spreadsheets for Trade Compliance

Updating Trade Compliance databases

Completing Broker Audits to ensure commercial invoices are billed correctly.

Document Control Specialist (Contractor) Shaw University Raleigh NC (08/2012 - 08/17/2012)

Registering new and returning students for the fall semester of 2012

Checking and validating student financial information for college students



Document Control Specialist (Contractor) US Tobacco Corp Raleigh NC (03/2012 - 07/13/2012)

Process refund applications for tobacco farmers

Look up member numbers to determine the amount of refund and process application for payment

File applications after processing information in the member folder.

Respond to inquiries made for refunds

Unemployed due to high unemployment rate in North Carolina from 07/2011 thru 03/2012, and attending college fulltime since January 2011



Document Control Specialist (Contractor) INC Research; Raleigh NC (02/07/2011 – 07/01/2011)

Maintain the security and compliance of all documents related to on-going projects as well as archived documents in accordance with relevant SOPs/WIs

Use internal client and various custom document templates, style guides, macros, and journal specifications

Assist with pre-processing, filing, scanning, indexing, and archival of CRFs as assigned

Exercise the protection of study patients by verifying that informed consent procedures and protocol requirements are adhered to according to the applicable regulatory requirements

Ensure the integrity of the data submitted on Case Report Forms (CRFs) or other data collection tools by careful source document review

Monitor and provide feedback to management for missing and implausible data

Process, scan, index, route, and maintain files for CSV and Life Cycle Managers(LCMs)

Receive and inventory applicable project validation, project management and quality documents

Timely response to request and re-filing of validation documents and ensure applicable paperwork is completed upon release and return to the Document Library

Prepare binders for validation efforts

Obtain signatures as needed on required validation, project management and quality documents

Maintain the security and compliance of all documents related to on-going projects as well as archived documents in accordance with relevant SOPs/WIs

Perform other duties as assigned by management ClinPlus Data Management System (Version 3.0). Use PharmaReady for indexing and processing



Administrative Assistant - United BioSource Corporation (01/04/2007 – 06/15/2009)

Provide clerical support to project team (e.g., word processing, proofreading and editing correspondence, large and small documents, mailings, shipment of study files, fax and photocopy documents, assemble study documents, and arrange meetings, etc)

Set-up and maintain clinical investigator files and documentation

Performed CRF Tracking including preparing test data, performing listing review, and database audits.

Used applicable SOPs and Data Entry Guidelines that ensured study-related documents and other materials for delivery to archives were in accordance with internal and sponsor specifications

Assumed the responsibility for preparation and dissemination of documents according to the feasibility processes documented by company policies

Performed data entry; used ClinPlus Data Management System (Version 3.0)

Prepared study-related documents and other materials for delivery to archives, at appropriate intervals

Ran Crystal Reports as requested by Data Management Team, generated tracking reports, and prepared investigator budget payments

Reviewed monitoring visit documentation for Clinical Research Assistants and above, as requested by supervisor

Organized, scheduled and prepared for client meetings/teleconferences Professional and courteous telephone coverage and related support duties for both internal and external clients

Created a Paperless delivery program to ensure that International clients were able to submit documents in an expedited manor.

Contracting Assignments:

Worked on various short and long term assignments for J&J Staffing; Newtown, Pennsylvania since graduation from high school to include.

Data Entry Specialist

Performed accurate and timely data tracking, entry, verification, and QC checks of data into the database as governed by the Data Entry Instruction Manuals, SOPs and communicated policies of the department and sponsor

Data entry and maintenance of selected study tracking databases

Prepared study-related documents and other materials for delivery to archives at appropriate intervals

Interacted with internal and external customers with a high degree of professionalism and discretion

Maintained the security and compliance of all documents related to on-going projects as well as archived documents in accordance with relevant SOPs/WIs

Responded to timely requests and re-filing for validation documents; ensures applicable paperwork is completed upon release and returned to the Document Library

Education:

Currently attends South University to achieve an Associate’s Degree in Business Administration.

Computer Experience:

Microsoft Office (including Excel, Power Point, Access)

Agile

ClinPlus Data Management System (Version 3.0)

PharmaReady 

EDMS

SAP

Phaseware 

Gpass as a Service

Authorize.Net

Citrix

MSP

Syntelate

QAD

IContracts\n
KHUSHBOO NIGAM
8125, 48TH AVE, APT 520, Parkside, College Park, (240) 825-7001, khushboo2243@gmail.com

Education
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
M.S. Telecommunications Engineering (Computer Networks/Network Engineering) (Expected May 2018)
GPA: 3.57/4
Coursework: - Networks and Protocols (Advanced), Network Programming, Distributed Systems in a Virtual Environment, Introduction to Cellular
Communication Networks
Jaypee Institute of Information Technology, Noida, India
B.Tech Electronics and Communication (July 2011- July 2015)
GPA: 8.3/10
Coursework: - Mobile Communications, Telecommunication Networks, Introduction to Computers and Programming (Programming in C), Object
Oriented Systems and Programming (Programming in JAVA)

Technical Skills
Programming languages

Operating System
Software Expertise

Networking Protocols
Networking Tools

C(Practitioner), Python(Practitioner),
JAVA(Moderate), SQL(Moderate),
C++(Basic)
Windows, Ubuntu Linux
Frontline Analytic Solver, VMware
Workstation, VMware vSphere,
Microsoft Visual Studio, MS Office
TCP/IP, OSPF, BGP, RIP, EIGRP
Cisco Packet Tracer, Wireshark, Putty

Academic Presentation and Projects


Worked on project- IP & Domain Dossier System (November 2016- December 2016)
An iterative Domain Name Server using text file fostering the domain and IP Database
 Implemented DNS over TCP/IP and Server-Client communication using Socket Programming in C
 Implemented Linked List data structure in C for storing domain name, IP address.
 Implemented log file at the server indicating requesting client IP and time of access
 Used Ubuntu Linux environment on virtual machines (built on VMware Workstation)



Designed SNMP (Simple Network Management Protocol) monitor (October 2016- November 2016)
 SNMP monitor is a client side application which allows monitoring of system variables presented to it in form of MIB OIDs
 Polled multiple SNMP enabled Virtual Machines (built on VMware Workstation) running Ubuntu server gathering runtime statistics

Work Experience
Jaypee Institute of Information Technology, Noida, India
Research Assistant (July 2015- January 2016)

Engineered a way to reduce the complexity of Partial Transmit Sequence (PTS), which is a widely used scheme for OFDM

Implemented modified Partial Transmit Sequence scheme with improvised CCRR values
Bharat Electronics Limited, India
Technical Intern (July 2014-August 2014)



Learned concepts to install, operate and troubleshoot enterprise networks
Included connecting to a WAN, routing & switching, TCP/IP configuration, IP addressing, determining IP routes, managing IP traffic and
establishing point-to-point connections

Bharti Airtel, India
Technical Intern (June 2014-July 2014)

Studied the basics of a GSM system and its architecture which revolutionized communication

Gained knowledge about aspects of GSM such as hand off, Frequency-reuse, building blocks of GSM architecture: MSC, BSC

Publications



“Grouping and Mirror Image PTS for PAPR reduction in OFDM System” in (AET-AEE 2015). Published in McGraw Hill and Indexed in
GRENZE (Grenze ID: 02.AET.2015.6.33)
“Iterative-Grouping and Image PTS for PAPR Reduction in OFDM System” in SPIN-2016, sponsored by IEEE

Honors and Achievements


Ambassador for TSAN (Telecommunications Student Alumni Network), UMD (August 2016- Present)

\n
Ethan R. Ace

7618 Rhode Island Avenue | College Park, Maryland 20740 | 443-934-3884 | ethan.ace@gmail.com



Education

University of Maryland

Economics                                                                                 

May 2018

GPA : 3.4

Dean’s List: Fall 2014

Related Coursework: Business Management, Microeconomics, Macroeconomics.

Freie-Universität, Berlin

Comprehensive courses in Economic, Public, and Foreign policy of the European Union.

ACTIVITIES

Students Helping Honduras



Volunteered with a team of about 50 students to travel to Honduras in order to build a middle school for a rural village near San Pedro Sula. Successfully constructed the foundation and walls during our week of service. 

National Society of Leadership and Success

Member, Summer 2016 - Present

Maryland Men’s Soccer Club

Member, Fall 2014 - Present

Sigma Nu Delta Phi Chapter, Homecoming Chairman

Organize activities and events for alumni, as well as several other fraternities and sororities, during homecoming week for University of Maryland.





Experience

Adele’s

Server

            June 2016 to Present

Coordinate with other servers to provide superb service to students, parents, and professors in a restaurant averaging 500 daily customers.

Verify that student’s checks are split correctly and untaxed transactions are handled properly.

Collect payment from guests. Complete side work as assigned, clear and set tables, and stock service areas.





Buddy’s Pools & Spas

Retail

   

   May 2014 to August 2014

Coordinated the sales of pool chemicals, supplies, and equipment to customers.

Provided customer service over the phone to customers who had questions about various equipment for their pool.

Diagnosed customers’ pool water through alkaline tests, PH tests, and algae tests. Advised customers on how to treat their pool by suggesting chemicals and algae killers.

Familiarized myself with databases for pool equipment.

SKILLS

Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, MICROs.

REFERENCES

Dr. Sebastian Golla
sebastian.golla@gmx.de\n
Dillon Vural

dillon@vurals.com
301-213-0150
WORK EXPERIENCE
Zentail, Washington, DC

Summer 2016 - present

As a Business Analyst, I manage Zentail's multichannel retail operations to:
• Help our clients grow and streamline your online retail businesses;
• Make it easier for our clients to manage their product information, inventory and orders
across all major sales channels and shopping carts;
• Enable our clients to sell their products through our eCommerce technology platform on
Amazon, eBay, Jet.com, Walmart.com and other online retailers;
• Act as the primary contact and bridge between our clients and our fabulous tech team;
• Enhance our website, blog and social media as effective communications platforms for us
and for our clients.
Aegean Associates, Chevy Chase, MD
•

Summer 2015

Interned at a growth-focused management consulting firm that partners with clients in the
development and execution of strategy, communications, marketing, organizational
development and change management initiatives.

417 App Studios LLC, Chevy Chase, MD
•

•
•

•

•

Jun 2014 – Mar 2015

Assisted in the marketing outreach and fund-raising for Puzzable, an iOS & Android mobile
social gaming app that allows users to take a picture, add a caption message and send
it to friends in the form of a fun digital jigsaw puzzle
Outreach efforts enabled Puzzable to achieve 20,000+ active iOS & Android users and 10+
million YouTube views
Helped the start-up secure $2.5 million valuation with $20K private equity financing from
147 backers and an additional $2K secured from the Univ. of Maryland through pitch
competitions and other programs that support student entrepreneurs
Promoted the app that was ultimately selected as a 2015 Spring semester finalist in the
twice-annual Pitch Dingman Competition sponsored by the Dingman Center for
Entrepreneurship at the Univ. of Maryland’s Robert H. Smith School of Business
Helped position the app to non-profits as a platform through which to reach the mobile
gaming market to raise awareness and cause-related funding without overhead cost

Integrity Chamber of Commerce, Washington, DC
•
•
•

Interned to help with Integrity Chamber of Commerce's B2B outreach
Researched and identified like-minded businesses dedicated to fair and honest business
practices and market our membership services to them
Offered guidance to members on best practices; assisted in marketing and networking

Te-Ko Ltd, Izmir, Turkey
•

Summer 2012

Helped with day-to-day administrative operations, including email communications,
website updates, document filings and database management

University of Maryland, College Park, MD
• B.A. in Communications
•
•
•
•
•

Summer 2013

EDUCATION

EXTRACURRICULAR
Ataturk Society of America, Washington, DC
Finance, Banking, and Investment Society (FBIS), College Park, MD
Middle Eastern Cultural Association (MECA), College Park, MD
Interpreter (Turkish)
Intramural soccer, basketball, tennis, clarinet

Class of 2016

\n
Sue.Vgiri
kkmsu@yahoo.com
862-262-9184
Experience:
Working as a Facilities Office/Property Manager for Multifamily Residential Property in NY
Feb 2016 to Present
* Operating the properties within established financial guidelines and budget
* Ensuring physical plant needs and exceed established property standards, including
supervision of maintenance staff
* Assuring occupancy is maintained at established levels
* Reviewing delinquent accounts and taking required action
* Making sure that resident' requests are responded to in a timely, efficient, and courteous
manner.
* Make sure the tenant leases are updated
* Rent collections first of every month and depositing in bank and updating the data in the
property management software
* Any delinquency in the rent payment issuing three day notice followed by eviction process
* Coordinating with the maintenance for the necessary repairs
* Revenue Management
* Getting quotations from contractors, negotiating the rates. Hiring them and oversee their work
and make sure the project is completed within the deadline.
Worked as Facilities /Office/Property Manager in a Choice Group Hotels in New York June
2014 to
Feb 2016
Day to day administrative duties to run the smooth running of Hotel as a single point of contact
* Ordering all hospitality supplies for the hotel from the vendor
* Ordering supplies for the hotel from the linen vendor
* Keeping a track of pantry supplies and ordering for the breakfast.
* Placing the work order for the repairs in the rooms to be fixed.
* Rent the rooms that are in proper condition.
* Cost optimization and budget for the hotel improvement and streamlining the process in all
aspects.
* Supervising the front desk and resolving any issues dealing with the guest refund, cc queries,
educating the guest about the cancellation policy.
* Preparing the income and expenses report and doing shift reconciliation
* Preparing the time sheet for the staffs and sending it to Payroll Company.
* Following the rules according to OSHA compliance.
* Supervise the House Keeping Staffs for the Janitorial and cleaning are up to the hotel
standard and assign work to them.
* Interviewing and hiring the staff and contractors and vendor management in coordination
with the procurement department.
* Conducting new orientation with the HR dept.

* Overseeing the conference room with all the audio and video communication systems are in
working conditions.
* Performance management
* Problem solving.
* Taking care of the tenant issues and resolving them as soon as possible.
* Working continuously on the improvement of the hotel by suggesting good ideas for the
refurbishment of the hotel.
* Working on the asset management by having a proper track on the lease renewals and other
purchase for the hotel.
* Dealing with the local government like local State Troopers, NYCHA for approval and
insurance etc.
* Replacing the fire extinguisher
* Conducting fire drill test
* Tracking of utilities, HVAC, Boiler etc.

Experience:
As Facilities and Office Manager for Computech Computers, Queens, New York, Sep 2013 to
May 2014
* Day to day Administrative duties to run the office Operation smoothly.
* Vendor management
* Build beautiful, wonderful work spaces for employees.
* Ensure efficiency is built into work spaces so that employees can do their best work.
* Construction / Renovation / Move- Project-manage interior build-outs, including budget
creation, management, and liaising with vendors
* Work closely with CEO, CFO, CTO, and CPO, as well as the architects, designers, and
construction professionals to ensure the project is delivered on time and on budget
* Office Management:
* Passion for office management and ensuring a wonderful working environment for our
employees
* Create, track and manage an approved budget, with an eye for quality as well as costefficiency
* Manage a team of office staff across all offices to ensure the seamless and professional
operations of our offices.
* Work closely with the People team to track projected headcount and proactively present
expansion plans to the CFO and CEO as our fast growth continues
* Set office management standards and processes for our company that aligns with our culture
and values
* Dealing with the maintenance workers for assigning the tasks to them.
* Supervising the staff and allocate work to them.
* Dealing with the real estate brokers for the new space for office in the Midtown area
* Order supplies for the office and also pantry supplies
* Oversee the cleaning staff and ensure that all is under OSHA compliance.
* Make sure the fire extinguishers are replaced every six months
* Lease renewal for the office
* Coordinating with the building supervisor for the repairs and maintenance of office

* Arranging for the fire drill test
* Security cards issuance and oversee the CCTV is in place and in working condition.
* Single Point of Contact for the US Operations.
* New hire induction with coordination of HR Dept.
* Recruiting the receptionist, administrative staffs, contractors and oversee the project is
completed on deadline. Independently making decisions for any operations in US.
* Good relationship with Police and other NYC City staff for the certifications.
Experience:
Worked as Facilities/Office Manager for an International IT consulting company (Mphasis
Corp) in New York, NY, April 2012 to Aug 2013
Roles & Responsibilities:
Ensure day to day facility operations are at agreed performance levels
Stake holder management, communicate with business leaders on the overall operation status
and service Levels.
Work with overseas support function team to manage day-to-day operations, implement cost
savings and service improvement strategies, initiatives.
* Develop strategic relationships with key individuals - business subsidiary leaders, key cross
organizational groups.
* Management and implementation of workplace services and processes for the Facility.
* Manage local business relationships
* Maintain key business metrics, measure and report on Facilities & Real Estate program
performance. Report the metrics to Leadership team. Getting quotes and looking for office
space within the Midtown Manhattan. Negotiating with the vendors for the competitive quote.
Dealing with various Realtors in Manhattan, NYC. Knowledge of YARDI software.
* Conduct on-going analysis of data to determine trends in Facilities spend and formulate
action plan to optimize budget.
* Responsible for the efficient management of daily workplace services
* Hiring the receptionist and other Administrative staff and training.
* Oversee the receptionist, administrative staffs and other external vendors for efficiently
completing the project within the deadline.
* Oversee the cleaning staff and ensure that all is under OSHA compliance
* Negotiate (in partnership with Procurement Team) supplier contracts and service agreements
for Facilities. Vendor Management: Co-coordinating with stakeholders for any requests which
warrant a vendor Management of current vendors Seeking quotes from vendors as per
requirements of stakeholders. In co-ordination with the stakeholder and the SCM team
Respective stakeholder needs to raise the PR/PO/SR and track payment
* Invoice Management: To ensure all admin invoices are validated and payments are made
according to contract terms. Every monthly forecast spends to have a PO in place. To ensure
any other invoices which reach office are sent to the concerned stakeholder for payment.
* Services: Ensuring that the Pantry / break out area are clean at all times and Machines are in
working condition. Timely replenishment of all required consumables
* Coordinating with the Exterminator to be done on a biweekly basis. Ensure the process is
maintained as per the OSHA rules and regulations.

* Environmental management: Promote environmental awareness within the office including
recycling and reduction of waste in Co-ordination with employees.
* Asset disposal / movement out of the facility: Co-ordination with the concerned stakeholder
for this activity. Help in providing quotes from vendors. Asset movement policy followed as
per the policy.
* Asset movement /storage within the facility: Co-ordination with the concerned stakeholder
for this activity.
* F&F No dues: For Mobiles / Data cards which is taken care by Y Telecom
* Compliance: Fire Safety issues, Access control / Surveillance. In co-ordination with the CRO
team
* Coordinating with the building Superintendent for the fire drill tests twice a year.
* Also replaced the fire extinguishers wherever necessary.
* Conference, discussion, meeting room management: Ensure cleanliness of Conference room /
Meeting rooms with proper AV equipment’s. Give advice on booking and use of meeting
rooms to Users Audio Visual equipment – upkeep and maintenance.
* Client visit: Arranging / Co-coordinating any scheduled client visits at site.
* Stationery: Agreements set-up with providers for procurement of stationery as per office
requirement, providing stationery as per request.
* Business Cards: Business cards printing as per policy for employees Co-coordinating with
vendors
* Monitoring the CCTV cameras by coordinating with the vendor DGA.
* Managing the access control system cards issuing, activation and deactivation for both office
and the building cards.
* Capacity Management: Numbering of workstations Allocation / Release of seats as per
requests. Implement, manage and communicate on employee experience initiatives.
Responsible for allocation and release of seats in the Facilities Management System in Oracle
applications
* Develop and manage annual direct operating expense budgets for the facility. Includes
decision on areas of spend, accountability of actual vs. forecast and approval of all new out of
scope expenses. Financial responsibilities also include managing all capital expenditures
justifications & implementations.
* Manage escalations and service issues With Local building services strategies, including
staffing approach, rationalization of Operations
* Analyze, develop and implement concepts and solutions as a subject matter expert.
* Managing all facility & admin functions, collaborate with all external agencies for smooth
functioning of operations in the NYC office location in a timely fashion and in a professional
manner.
* Coordinating with the building supervisor for the repairs and maintenance for the office, also
arranging for the fire drill test with the help of the building supervisor, Replacing the fire
extinguisher on a six month basis and testing the fire extinguisher by calling the vendor and
take care of this in a prompt and timely fashion. Has online training on OSHA.
* Proactively prepare for hurricane and other weather related disasters.
Experience:
Worked for IT Software development /Consulting Co as Facilities/Office Manager/ /HR for
Msquare Systems Inc, Jersey City June 2011-April 2012

Duties and Responsibilities:
* Dealing with the Govt. Contract New York City and in New Jersey and Federal Government
responding to RFP, preparing paper work for RFP. Other documentation work, attending events
filing for Certificates and projects. Filing for the Federal RFP.
* Assisting the President of the company in day to day operations, scheduling for meeting,
calendar management in Google and set the task in Outlook.
* Research on the internet for various filing for doing business with the Govt and procurement
opportunities, getting the requirements from the Govt websites and responding to the RFP by
preparing all supporting documents.
* Doing multitasking doing some recruitment.
* Dealing with the landlord for the lease of office, building maintenance, hotel booking for the
staff and consultants, flight bookings, maintaining expense report of the consultants and also
maintaining the asset management for the office and petty cash, ordering office supplies,
dealing with the attorneys for the immigration process of the consultants.
* Oversee the cleaning staff and ensure that all is under OSHA compliance
* Dealing with the vendors for the fire Drill test, repairs and maintenance for the whole
building. Access cards for the staff and also for the visitors.
* Doing data entry for website marketing contact details, follow-up with the vendors and
clients’ accounts receivable and payable, and preparation of invoice, filing and maintaining
proper records, light bookkeeping.
* Request time sheets from the consultants and provide the necessary details to the payroll
company, new hire documents, providing the experience letters and exit letters.
* Taking care of Performance Appraisal of candidates and benefits for the consultants by
helping them in enrolling to medical insurance
* Dealing with the attorneys for the various immigration processes of consultants like preparing
the paper work for responding to RFC for all types of Visas.
Experience:
Worked as Assistant Property Manager/Facilities for Realty Inc April 2009 to May 2011
Duties and Responsibilities:
⃰ Lead a team of 15 company employees
⃰ Worked closely with owners and third party vendors to ensure timely delivery of services
⃰ Obtained and compared quotes for maintenance and repair work
⃰ Managed the database and cash flow reports for the rental properties
⃰ Managed and updated databases for the rental properties
⃰ Prepared and handled landlord paperwork
⃰Handled communication between owners and tenants
⃰ Handled repairs and maintenance issues
⃰ Conducted regular property inspections
⃰ Kept track of all rent payments, deposits, late fees and, failure to pay issues
⃰ Made supervision of all office administration, groundskeepers and maintenance crew
⃰ Took care of all tenant complaints, concerns, questions and requests on a daily basis.
⃰ Hired excellent security providers/watchmen to ensure complete & sound security
⃰ Knowledge of multifamily property management, DHCR, HPD and all NYC Building regulations
⃰ Consistently achieved top scores in the company's monthly Key Performance Indicators KPI

⃰ Recruited 9 new clients through personal contacts and registered them as a prime vendor for the
company.
⃰ Developed a system for streamlining repair and maintenance work
⃰ Improved the existing system for responding to tenant and owner queries
Experience:
Facilities Office Manager /HR for Turing Consulting Inc Technologies, NJ from May 2006 to till
March 31, 2009.
Duties and Responsibilities:
⃰ Provide administrative support to the CEO
⃰ Schedule internal and external meetings, interviews and conference calls
⃰ Create and maintain documents and records; prepare meeting and conference materials, coordinate
travel, calendar management.
⃰ Process expense reports and prepare outgoing correspondence...
⃰ Provide back-up administrative support for Company Owner as requested.
⃰ Maintain client mailing lists
⃰ Set up and maintain office record keeping systems.
⃰ General maintenance of office and order stationery.
⃰ Maintain an appropriate level of office supplies.
⃰ Taking care of the repairs and maintenance for the office by coordinating with the building
supervisor and also for the fire drill test conducted.
⃰ Dealing with various vendors for the quotations and negotiating for the best price.
⃰ Maintain Petty cash for the office expenses and preparing expense report for it.
⃰ Maintain employee time records and vacation/sick day schedules.
⃰ Taking care of the Benefits and compensation of the Employees by coordinating with the Medical
Insurance Co providers.
⃰ Prepare all necessary documentation for insurance claims
⃰ Ensure Owner and business licenses are renewed on a timely basis
⃰ Making Hotel bookings for the consultant from India and other staff.
⃰ Taking care of Guest House for the people coming from India. Tracking the list of people in the
guest house. routine repairs and maintenance for the guest house is done weekly.
⃰ Interacting with the landlord for the lease of office and guest house.
⃰ Arranged Short term lease for the consultant in the Apartments/Extended Stay
⃰ Dealing with the Vendors for the Invoice, Entering in the database all Accounts receivable and
Payable. Knowledge of Yardi.
⃰ Preparation of Asset Management
⃰ Helping new hire with the documents.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
* Certificate in Human Resource Management from Essex County College, Newark New
Jersey in Dec 2006.
* Did Software Quality Assurance course in Sunsoft International Inc, Jersey City, NJ Feb to
April 2006 both Manual and Automated testing.
* B.S in Business & Facilities Management
* Diploma in Airlines and Travel Agencies (IATA)
* Diploma in Computer Applications

SOFTWARE KNOWLEDGE:
Operating Systems: Windows XP, MS Office,
Software: Internet Explorer, Google Chrome and Netscape Navigator, Outlook, Easy Soft,
Quick Books
Oracle Property Manager, PeopleSoft HR, Choice Advantage Property Management System for
Choice Group of Hotels.
Volunteered in UMDNJ in the Medical Records Department for one year

\n
ANTHONY HOFFMAN
1639 Braid Hills Dr. ♦ Pasadena, MD 21122
410-533-9833 ♦ Ahoff2@terpmail.umd.edu

EDUCATION
University of Maryland
Robert H. Smith School of Business
Bachelor of Science, Accounting & Finance
Dean’s List (All Semesters)

Major GPA: 3.88
Cumulative GPA: 3.82
Expected Graduation (150 credits): December 2016

Quantitative Finance Fellows
August 2015 - May 2016
• A one-year limited enrollment program focusing on advanced statistical financial analysis and modeling
• Provides intensive training in software suites used to construct and evaluate financial data sets
Emerging CFOs Finance Fellows
August 2014 - May 2015
• A program focused on core functions of corporate finance while enhancing leadership and communication skills
• Exceled through case studies and simulations in a dedicated Fellows section of Advanced Financial Management
• Awarded 3rd place in a valuation case competition of a local company to suggest an exit strategy to the owners

WORK EXPERIENCE
Ernst & Young
Baltimore, MD
Assurance Intern
June 2016 - August 2016
• Assisted with quarterly procedures for second quarter reporting
• Prepared segment and consolidated trial balance documentation for the 10Q filing tie-out
• Updated competitor trend analysis with current quarter figures and rolled forward other quarterly documentation
• Assisted with a payroll walkthrough and preparation of year-end walkthroughs
• Conducted an inventory count of an acquisition of a client
• Interpreted client’s segment warning calls and prepared minutes
• Participated in the estimates event and team planning event
University of Maryland, Robert H. Smith School of Business
College Park, MD
Customer Account Management Intern
September 2015 - December 2015
• Worked with CAM point person to ensure customer satisfaction of all employers’ recruiting activity
• Kept records of employer recruiting activity and ensured accuracy on all communication/information outlets
• Engaged in process improvement by analyzing current operations and suggesting changes for enhancement
• Assisted in marketing and outreach to students about recruiting events
Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC)
McLean, VA
Accounting & Finance Intern (Program Control)
May 2015 - August 2015
• Mastered SAIC’s contract structure to conduct accruals, unbilled analysis, EAC reviews, and internal program reviews
• Utilized government contracting software that prove vital to corporate finance in the defense industry
• Multitasked assignments from Control Directors nationwide to assure compliance of contracts in the Navy & Marines sector
• Increased division efficiency across the country by shifting necessary Department of Labor wage schedules to a web platform
Maryland Energy Administration
Accounting Intern
• Executed bank reconciliations
• Created journal entries to record/correct expenses and encumbrances
• Reviewed grants to be finalized by the Governor’s Financial Administration
• Assisted program managers with financial procedures and documentation

Annapolis, MD
May 2014 - August 2014

LEADERSHIP & EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
Discover KPMG Leadership Program, Participant
Ernst & Young LLP Emerging Leaders Program, Participant
Finance Banking and Investment Society (FBIS), Member
Accounting and Business Association (ABA), Member
Maryland Club Street Hockey, Founder and Treasurer

June 2015 - June 2015
May 2015 - May 2015
September 2014 - Present
January 2014 - Present
January 2013 - May 2016

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Training: Bloomberg Essentials, Thomson Reuters Eikon, SAS Suite, Matlab
Skills: Microsoft Office, Microsoft Access, Intuit QuickBooks, Salesforce, CostPoint, Oracle Hyperion, Oracle Fusion
Honors: Robert H. Smith School of Business Scholarship, Ernst & Young Education Excellence Scholarship, Golden Key
International Honour Society, Primannum Honor Society

\n
Name:Sindhur Mukkamala

	Email:mukkamala.sindhur@gmail.com

	                                                                                        

		

			SUMMARY	

		

		   Dedicated and hardworking professional with 9 years of IT industry experience including 7+years in BEA WebLogic Application Server 8.1/9.x/10.x/11g and knowledge in weblogic portal administration.

		   Installation and administration of JBOSS 4.2.2, 5.x/6.x/7.x and Tomcat 5.x/6.x on various Operating Systems.

		   Installation and administration of IBM WebSphere Application Server 5.0.2.x/5.1.1.x/6.0/6.1/7,

		Network Deployment, WebSphere MQ on various Operating Systems.

	Hands on experience in analysis, design, development and administration of BEA Weblogic Server 8.1/9.2 /10.0/10.3/10.3.5/11g on Sun-Solaris, Red Hat Linux.

Deployed Applications (WAR, JAR, EAR) in Domain and Clustered environment.

	Configured both Horizontal & Vertical clusters to provide increased scalability and high availablity. 

	Installed and configured web servers like Apache, Tomcat, Sun ONE, iPlanet, Microsoft Windows and integrated them with WebLogic.

	Have excellent knowledge on configuring Mod_JK with servers like Apache and Tomcat.

	Experience in Performance Tuning of SiteMinder Policy Server and the Operating system to boost the overall throughput.

	Extensively worked as a BEA WebLogic administrator for server configuration, deployment and performance tuning & monitoring of Weblogic Server administration.

Installation and configuration of PHP and Siteminder Web agent in UNIX and LINUX environments. 

	Good experience to develop and deploy the applications on multiple WebLogic Servers to maintain Load balancing, Failover and High availability.

	Excellent knowledge on the use of Apache mod_proxy (reverse proxy) for external user access.

	Experience in Ant, UNIX shell scripting to automate build and deployment process.

	Troubleshooting and fixing of problems on WebLogic Application Server by analyzing log files, Thread dumps, Core dumps and Garbage Collection (GC) for probable errors.

Excellent knowledge on configuration and administration for Oracle Containers for J2EE applications.

	Set up and managed services in Oracle SOA version 11g and BPM suites.

Experience in configuration of IP based virtual hosts for various web servers like Apache. 

Experience with installing, configuring, administering, implementing and performance tuning clustered SOA environments (10g/11g).

	Extensively worked as a BEA WebLogic administrator for server Migrations from Weblogic 7.x-8.x-9.x-10.x-11.x. 

Worked on weblogic domain migration from physical servers to VMware servers to reduce

the hardware cost and to increase the high availability

Excellent knowledge on configuration of Oracle Real Application Clusters (Oracle RAC).

Excellent knowledge on configuring and tuning of JVM parameters related to memory and garbage collection.

	Excellent knowledge of writing UNIX shell scripts to collect the vital data for WebLogic including statistics for execute queue threads, idle threads and JVM heap size including startup and shutdown scripts for the WebLogic servers.

	Knowledge in current OS theory and key network protocols such as TCP/IP, DHCP and DNS, SSL (PKI) and SSH.

	Excellent experience in finding, isolating and fixing memory leaks.

	Worked with ETL tools such as Oracle Data Integrator (ODI).

	Excellent knowledge of writing UNIX Shell Scripts to automate System admin jobs.

		TECHNICAL sKILLS     	 

	

	Operating Systems

	UNIX, Red Hat Linux, HP-UX, Sun Solaris, and Microsoft Windows NT/2000/XP.

	Java Technologies

	Servlets, Applets, EJB, J2EE, JMS, Networking, JDBC, JNDI.

	Web/Application Servers

	Bea WebLogic Server 8.1/9.x/10.x, 11g Apache Web Server 2.0, Web sphere MQ 5.3/6.0, Tomcat 5.0/6.0/7.0, SunONE 6.0, IIS WebServer and Netegrity Siteminder.

	Languages

	C, Visual Basic, ASP, VB.NET, C#.NET, SQL and PL/SQL.

	Scripting Languages

	JavaScript, UNIX Shell Script, PHP, KORN and Perl.

	Markup Languages

	HTML, XML/XSL and DHTML.

	Databases

	SQL server 2000/2005/2008, Oracle 9i/10g/11/g and MS Access.

	Version Control

	Rational Clear case, SVN, CVS,  Maven, PVCS

	Protocols

	TCP/IP, FTP, SFTP, SMTP, SOA P, POP, HTTP, IPV4 and IPV6.

	Appliances

MacAfee web gateway 6.8.7, Web reporter 5.2.1.

			

			professional Experience	           	  

			

			

														Census Bureau, Suitland, MD		                                               Aug 14 – Till date

Title: Middleware Administrator                                                                                                              



Responsibilities:

			Performed IIS 6.x, 7.5, WebLogic 9.x/10.x/11g, Jboss 5.x/6.x server administration tasks such as installation, configuration, monitoring and performance tuning. 

			Installed and configured FTP on IIS 6.x and 7.5 servers.

			Wrote scripts to install Weblogic, configure and modify the domains using WLST & Jython.  

			Performed J2EE application deployment and administration including JAR, WAR, and EAR files.

			Maintained the applications among Web Logic and Jboss run-time processes in a cluster of application servers.

			Involved in configuration and Integration of Apache 2.2 Server with WebLogic and Jboss.

			Configured Virtual hosts, rewriterules, alias, document root in apache 

			Deployed the applications on multiple WebLogic and Jboss Servers and maintained Load balancing, high availability and Fail over functionality.

			Strong experience in Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL) data from various sources into Data Warehouses and Data Marts using Informatica Power Center (Repository Manager, Designer, Workflow Manager, Workflow Monitor, Metadata Manger), Power Exchange, Power Connect as ETL tool on Oracle, DB2 and SQL Server Databases.

			Experience using SAS ETL tool, Talend ETL tool and SAS Enterprise Data Integration Server highly preferred.

			Installed and configured SunSolaris, Red Hat Linux web server in the weblogic environment.

			Managed and Monitored JVM Performance by adjusting Web Logic heap size and garbage collection parameters.

			Configured clusters both Horizontal & Vertical and using Oracle Coherence protocol.

			Involved in Performance tuning of Web Logic server with respect to heap, threads and connection pools. 

			Worked on weblogic domain migration from physical servers to VMware servers to reduce the hardware cost and to increase the high availability

			Involved in configuration of mod_JK with Apache web server.

			Involved in configuration of IP based virtual hosts for Apache web server. 

			Worked on Mcafee web gateway 6.8.7 and web reporter 5.2.1 for URL filtering and generated reports for the users' internet activity.

			Analyzed and resolved several issues regarding proxy servers and .PAC files.

			Worked with wireshark and fiddler to get traces and analyzed them to fix networking issues regarding IPV4 /IPV6.

			Worked with Web-base applications, SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) and Web application Servers such as BEA WebLogic server and Jboss.

			Installed and configured Microsoft Windows (IIS) web servers to work with WebLogic Server.

			Troubleshoot Web Logic Server connection pooling and connection manager with Oracle, DB2.

			Configured and administered of JDBC, JMS in WebLogic Server 8.1/9.x/10.x. 

			Developed scripts for automatic startup and shutdown of Admin and Managed Servers.

			Involved in configuration of Apache mod_proxy (reverse proxy) for external user access.

			Configured and managed secured environments using SSL and digital certificates. (self-signed and third  party authentication)

			24/7 on-call production support and trouble shooting problems related to WebSphere Application Server 6.0, Web Servers and MQ Servers.

			Co-ordinated with different app teams regarding disk space issues on application servers.

			Used HP Service Manager for day to day tickets.

			Provided support for teams in activities such as Load testing, troubleshooting, and performance tuning by analyzing thread dumps, Core Dumps, garbage collection (GC) and log files.

	

Environment: BEA WebLogic Server 9.x/10.x/10.3.5/11g, IIS 6/ 7.5, Jboss 5.x/6.x, Apache 2.2, SUN SOLARIS 10, Iplanet, JDK 1.4.05/1.5.11, J2EE, Websphere MQ 6.0, Oracle SOA Suite version 11g, OC4J 10.1.3, JDBC, XML, MS SQL Server, PERL, WLST, Wily7.2.5, Oracle Coherence 3.7.1, Maven 3.0.4, Windows XP, SVN 1.7.7, Jython, Red Hat Linux 4.0, MQ client 6.0, Mcafee web gateway 6.8.7, Web reporter 5.2.1, Wireshark, Fiddler.

			

														Philips Healthcare,Framingham, MA                		                                 Dec 12 – Jul 14                                                        

Title: Weblogic Administrator                                                                                                                   



Responsibilities:

			Performed IIS and Web Logic Server 9.x/10.x/11g administration tasks such as installation, configuration, monitoring and performance tuning. 

			Administration & Deployment of end to end systems. (DEV, QA, PERFORMANCE, STAGE, and PRODUCTION.)

			Wrote scripts to install weblogic configure and modify the domains using WLST & Jython.  

			Worked on system performance issues and co coordinated with all teams.

			Performed J2EE application deployment and administration including JAR, WAR, and EAR files.

			Maintained the applications among Web Logic run-time processes in a cluster of application servers.

			Involved in configuration and Integration of Aapache 2.2 Server with WebLogic.

			Configured Virtual hosts , rewriterules , alias , document root in apache 

			Deployed the applications on multiple WebLogic Servers and maintained Load balancing, high availability and Fail over functionality.

			Configured and administered WebLogic server with Oracle10g database.

			Involved in installation and configuration of JBOSS 6 application server.

			Managed and Monitored JVM Performance by adjusting Web Logic heap size and garbage collection parameters.

			Configured clusters both Horizontal & Vertical and using Oracle Coherence protocol.

			Configured and managed services using Oracle SOA version 11g and BPM suites.

			Involved in Performance tuning of Web Logic server with respect to heap, threads and connection pools. 

			Involved in configuration of mod_JK with Apache web server.

			Performed MQ Series Administration including inter-communication setup between Queues.

			Involved in finding, isolating and fixing memory leaks.

			Involved in configuration of IP based virtual hosts for Apache web server. 

			Worked with Web-base applications, SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) and Web application Servers such as BEA WebLogic server. 

			Involved in configuration and administration for Oracle Containers for J2EE applications.

			Installed and configured Microsoft Windows web server to work with WebLogic Server.

			Troubleshoot Web Logic Server connection pooling and connection manager with Oracle, DB2.

			Configured and administered of JDBC, JMS in WebLogic Server 8.1/9.x/10.x. 

			Developed scripts for automatic startup and shutdown of Admin and Managed Servers.

			Installed and Configured Wily Introscope and JProbe to monitor weblogic servers.

			Configured IBM WebSphere MQ 6.0 as Foreign JMSServer

			Involved in configuration of Apache mod_proxy (reverse proxy) for external user access.

			Configured and managed secured environments using SSL and digital certificates. (self-signed and third  party authentication)



Environment: BEA WebLogic Server 9.x/10.x/10.3.5/11g, IIS 7.5, Apache 2.2, SUN SOLARIS 10, Iplanet, JDK 1.4.05/1.5.11, J2EE, Websphere MQ 6.0, Oracle SOA Suite version 11g, OC4J 10.1.3, JDBC, XML, MS SQL Server, PERL, WLST, PHP, Wily7.2.5, Oracle Coherence 3.7.1, Maven 3.0.4, Windows XP, SVN 1.7.7, Jython, Red Hat Linux 4.0, MQ client 6.0.

	

	Comcast, Herndon , VA               	                                                               Oct 11 – Nov 12

	Title: WebLogic Administrator 

	

														Responsibilities:

																											Installed and configured WebLogic Server 8.1 and WebLogic Server 9.1 for both development and production environments

																											Researched, documented and migrated WebLogic 8.x to WebLogic 9.x.

																											Performed IIS and Web Logic Server 8.1/9.x/10.x/11g administration tasks such as installation, configuration, monitoring and performance tuning. 

																											Installed and configured SunOne web server 6.0 and Red Hat Linux web server to work with WebLogic Server.

																											Checked wellness of various applications in Test environments.

																											Configured and administered WebLogic server with Oracle9i database.

																											Created and run Agile and IPM instances on Oracle Fusion Middleware 11g.

																											Deployed various WAR, JAR, EAR applications in clustered environment.

																											Configured and administered JDBC, JMS, JNDI, and SNMP on WebLogic Server 8.1/9.1.

																											Deployed applications on multiple WebLogic Servers and maintained Load balancing, high availability and Fail over functionality.

																											Configured clusters both Horizontal & Vertical and using Oracle Coherence protocol.

																											Set up and managed services in Oracle SOA version 11g and BPM suites.

																										Configured Clustering of EJB objects, JDBC connections and JMS connection factories. 

																										Configured Node manager for administration of Managed servers and administered Connection pools for JDBC connections.

																										Involved in installation and configuration of JBOSS 6.1 and 7.1 application servers.

																										Used configuration wizard to create and manage WebLogic domains.

																										Configured JNDI server as repository for EJB Home stubs, JDBC data source, JMS connection factories, queues and topics. 

																											Installed and configured Microsoft Windows web server to work with WebLogic Server.

																										Involved in the research and troubleshooting of emerging application issues, from WebLogic configuration to code issues.

														Worked on weblogic domain migration from physical servers to VMware servers to reduce

														the hardware cost and to increase the high availability

																										Involved in finding, isolating and fixing memory leaks.

																										Performed installation, configuration, administration and performance tuning in clustered SOA environments.

																										Configured Aqua Logic Service Bus, Oracle service bus(OSB), Rigistry and Data services (ALSB,   ALSR, ALDS)

																										Used ANT to run build scripts, developed UNIX shell scripts and auto deployment processes.

																										Developed scripts for automatic startup and shutdown of Admin Server and Managed Servers.

																										Monitored the cluster for performance issues in respect to JVM Heap Size.

														24/7 on-call production support and trouble shooting problems related to WebSphere Application Servers, Web Servers and MQ Servers.

														Provided support for teams in activities such as Load testing, troubleshooting, and performance tuning by analyzing thread dumps, Core dumps, garbage collection (GC) and log files.

																								

														Environment: WebLogic server 9.1/8.1, Sun Web Server, IIS 7.0, SUN SOLARIS 10, JDK 1.4, J2EE, JDBC, JMS, SNMP, Oracle 9i, WebSphere MQ V5.3, Oracle Coherence 3.5.1, XML, MS SQL Server, Windows XP, SVN 1.7.5, Red Hat Linux 4.0, PERL, PHP, Oracle SOA Suite version 11g, ANT 1.5

														

BEST BUY, Richfield, MN  					                                    Mar 10 – Sep 11

	Title: WebLogic Administrator

	

	Responsibilities:

			Installed, configured and administered WebLogic server 8.1/9.2mp3

			Migration from Weblogic 8.1 to Weblogic 9.2

			Installed and configured WebLogic plug-ins on Apache 2.0 web servers.

			Created and administered JDBC connection pools for Oracle 9i/10g databases.

			Deployed the applications (WAR, JAR, and EAR) on multiple clustered WebLogic servers.

			Configured Clusters, load-balancing and fail-over solutions and Web Server plugins for Weblogic application server.

			Created and run Agile and IPM instances on Oracle Fusion Middleware 11g.

			Managed and Monitored JVM Performance by adjusting heap size and garbage collection parameters.

			Set up and managed services in Oracle SOA version 11g and BPM suites.

			Developed UNIX shell scripts (bash/korn), to automate application deployment, monitoring, logs rotation.

			Assisted Quality Assurance team in Load and Integration testing of J2EE applications on WebLogic servers.

			Performed MQ Series Administration including inter-communication setup between

			Queues.

			Technical Support - 24x7 support consisting of 25 enterprise class production systems.

			Developed ANT build scripts, UNIX shell scripts and auto deployment processes.

			Configured and deployed applications in various work environments like Development, System Test, SIT (System Integration Testing Environment), RTB (Release Test Bed) and Production.

	

	Environment: WebLogic Server 8.1/9.2mp3, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, LDAP, JDBC, XML, Oracle9i/10g, Win2K, Linux, SVN 1.7.5, Apache 2.0, Site Minder, PERL, Wily introscope, CVS.						

	

	

	   Deccan Technologies, Hyd, India    					                      June 08 – Jan 10

	Title: Java Developer/System Administrator

	

	Responsibilities:

			Developed a middle tier application using JSPs and EJBs.

			Used JDBC for connecting to SQL Server 2000 database.

			Developed and used stored procedures and triggers for automatic updates and queries for the database.

			Used JMS for communicating between the different EJB components.

			Tested for deployment in iPlanet environment.

			System Administration tasks included installation of Red Hat Linux 7.1, Configuring networks, security, account maintenance, writing bash shell scripts etc.

	

	Environment: iPlanet Application Server V6.0, JDK 1.2, JDBC, JMS, EJB, JSP, HTML, Windows NT/98, Red Hat Linux 7.1, Oracle 7i

	

	

	ACADEMIC PrOFILE     										

	

	Education: Bachelor of Engineering from Andhra University,   Vizag, India.\n
Wilma Dsouza
3426 Tulane Drive #31 • Hyattsville, MD 20783 • 240.274.5261 • wilma.dsouza@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland
December 2016
Master of Science in Information Systems
Current GPA: 3.78/4.0
Coursework and Projects:
 Business Process Analysis – Agile, SDLC
 Database Management Systems – SQL Server
 Managing Digital Business Markets
 Project Management in Dynamic Environments
 Data Models and Decisions – StatTools, PrecisionTree, SolverTable, @Risk
University of Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering

June 2012
Graduated in top 25% of class

EXPERIENCE
Tata Consultancy Services, Chennai - India
January 2013 – July 2015
System Engineer
 Elicited storage requirements from clients, collaborated with different teams to allocate storage, which was
directed towards minimizing work hour efforts by 50% and simplifying the process.
 Interfaced with business owners, consolidated space requirements, developed backup plans, created change
requests, and executed over five SAN Copy migrations to move data from Clariion to VNX frames.
 Oversaw knowledge transfer sessions, delegated tasks and mentored five new hires.
 Exceeded client expectations with regards to completing SLA deliverables within specified timelines.
AWARDS
 Awarded ‘On the Spot Award’ for demonstrating initiative in responding to an ad hoc storage allocation request.
(2013)
 Won ‘Team Delivery Excellence Award’ for contributing to the expedition of a data center relocation, resulting
in 90% of business deliverables being met. (2013)
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland
Online Peer Review Website – Product Owner
March 2016 – May 2016
 Analyzed requirements from the stakeholder, coordinated between the stakeholder and Scrum team, and
oversaw the creation of the website.
 Prioritized user stories by leveraging technical and business knowledge.
Predicting Movie Ratings
March 2016 – May 2016
 Predicted patterns in movie ratings based on predictor variables such as gender, age, occupation, and
geographical location of reviewers by collaborating with a team of four members.
Customer Care Management System
October 2015 – December 2015
 Evaluated business functions and transactions, formulated the Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD), designed
the relational schema, normalized the logical schema, and built the website using Salesforce.
 Implemented SQL DDL, DML statements, and SQL SELECT in Microsoft SQL Server.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
CERTIFICATIONS:
Google Analytics Individual Qualification

August 2016 – February 2018

LEADERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES:
Smith Master Student Association Ambassador (SMSA): Organized networking and cultural immersion events targeted
at increasing engagement and strengthening student community.
SOFTWARE SKILLS:
Technical Skills: SDLC, Agile (Scrum)
Tools & Platforms: SQL Server Proficiency, Visio, UML, Linux, Windows, Salesforce, Dreamweaver, Tableau
(Beginner), EMC products (Open Replicator, SAN Copy), MS Excel Proficiency, Big Data tools (Hadoop, Pig, AWS)
Programming Languages: HTML, CSS, R, Java

\n
301.257.0493  marsifeinmiller@gmail.com 

LinkedIn profile



301.257.0493  marsifeinmiller@gmail.com 

LinkedIn profile

Marsi Fein Miller, MPA, PMP



SUMMARY

Organizational effectiveness and technical communication team leader. Discerning and adept at creating a sense of urgency and generating enduring shifts. Work settings include technology, HR, operations, quality, consulting, social services, education, and research. Expertise in:

Developing and managing teams

Change management

Content management 

Enterprise communications, strategy

Learning and development

Outcome measurement

ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND EXPERIENCE

	Paradyme Management, Greenbelt, MD 				 	   2012-Present      

	Senior Consultant and Project Lead 

Practice leadership: quality improvement and employee engagement.

Six-month deployment to firm headquarters focused on quality management, knowledge management, coaching staff, and team building. 

Obtained ISO 9001:2008 certification for firm. Served as management representative for the internal audit, which yielded zero non-conformities. 

Installed Quality Management System; created and implemented individual development plans. 

Designed and created knowledge management and document repositories in Google Drive.

Aligned business objectives with staff roles by designing and facilitating employee engagement exercises in company-wide meetings. 

	Client Leadership: U.S. Courts, Administrative Systems Office

Subject matter expert for distance learning. 

Emphasizing performance, versus training and learning, by identifying underlying needs. 

When training is the solution, transforming static training into genuinely interactive and immersive experiences developed in Adobe Captivate and other platforms.  

Lowered training costs by adding checklists and calendars to the website, tools that connect individual tasks to larger goals and support informal learning.

Contributed to higher adoption rates of a technology application by redesigning the entire experience of onboarding new users. 

Led multi-disciplinary team redesigning internal agency website housed in WordPress. Created plan, hired staff, flagged issues, and prevented talent silos by spurring knowledge exchange. Incorporated user experience concepts into redesign of website for 33,000 Oracle PeopleSoft users.

Reduced unique pages by 40%, making Information easier to find, understand and use. 

Shifted culture to produce analytics and use the data to guide improvements. 

Incorporating Agile approaches into Software Development Life Cycle, SDLC. Results include:  

Initiated changes to business processes, resulting in shorter cycles for deploying guidance. 

Segmented the “market” of 1,000 HR professionals, allowing targeted communications.   

Responded to organizational restructuring by creating a strategic plan with goals that aligned to the changes; 18 months later most of the goals were achieved. 

Intentional Organizations, Chevy Chase, MD						        1999-2011     

Principal and Founder

Led 85+ organization development engagements, hiring consultants and composing diverse, multi-disciplinary teams. Managed quality, scope, cost and schedule. Built relationships with clients and stakeholders of varying occupations, levels and backgrounds. Sole lead on projects up to $300,000.

Coaching, learning and development, training.

Created “Moving into Management” training curriculum. Refined the training and delivered it for multiple clients, helping employees who assume leadership roles perform them effectively.   



Marsi Fein Miller  301.257.0493  

marsifeinmiller@gmail.com 



Marsi Fein Miller  301.257.0493  

marsifeinmiller@gmail.com 



Redesigned coaching program for senior scientific, technical and non-technical leaders, improving the coach matching process and clarifying coaching goals among participants.  

Taught nonprofit executives how to coach their peers. Participants learned and demonstrated these techniques, preparing them for using coaching in their organizations. 

Designing, delivering and measuring technical assistance. 

Revamped technical assistance for network of community-based organizations in Washington, D.C. Built service portfolio with meaningful performance measures. Goal achievement consistently above 80% across participant cohorts, as measured by pre- and post-assessments.

Knowledge management lead; created tools for knowledge capture and decision history. 

Implemented controls and managed risk for $5.4 million grant, which obtained clean Office of Management and Budget A-133 Compliance Supplement audits.

Facilitating groups, gathering technology requirements, and analyzing business processes.

Gathered business requirements for technology dashboard by facilitating a cross-functional group of employees, resulting in real-time data to inform decision-making. 

Enabled a federal agency’s executives to see multiple levers for change, achieved by analyzing links and gaps among business objectives, individual job roles, and business processes.  

American Red Cross, Alexandria, VA Chapter						   2008 

Interim CEO

Hired by the board of directors to stabilize and revitalize the organization. Supervised staff of 13, including health, safety, and disaster trainers, who in turn supervised 100+ volunteers. 

Catalyzed change during transitional period. Increased cooperation with local, regional and national program partners; handled hiring and separations, grievances, and compensation. 

Facilitated negotiations with blood services, improving regularity of blood collections. 

Assessed organizational strengths and needs and worked with board and staff to implement recommendations. Increased board involvement in strategic planning, fundraising, and shift to shared services model.  Supported board audit and finance committees. 

OTHER RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

Training Director, Support Center of Washington

CERTIFICATES

PMP, Project Management Professional (in PMI registry as Martha Fein), 2015.

The Complexity Lens, Plexus Institute and Adapt Knowledge, 2014.

Facilitation Training Program, Training Resources Group, 2010.

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS

Plexus Institute

Society for Technical Communication; Content Life Cycle and Usability and User Experience groups.

EDUCATION

M.P.A., Management, Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public Service, New York University, New York, NY. Research Assistant, Center for Management. 

B.A., Policy Studies, International Political Economy, Maxwell School and Political Science, Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY. Teaching assistant, Policy Studies; Resident Advisor.\n
SergiiLogvynets

Elmwood Park, IL 60707		Phone:  630-207-2843		E-mail: S.Logvynets@gmail.com

____________________________________________________________________________________



SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER



PROFILE:

Hands-on experience in testing web and mobile software applications.

Finely attuned to software testing needs and sensibilities. Good grasp of testing methodologies. 

Working knowledge of Agile model of software development life cycle.

Develop solid test documentation including test plans, test suites, test cases, test matrices.

Write easy-to-reproduce bug reports and monitor their status until satisfactory resolution.

Well organized and detail-oriented. Keep track of multiple conflicting priorities.

Passionate about testing. Excellent problem solving skills. 

Pragmatic. Enjoy working as a part of a result-driven team.

US Green card holder.



03/14 – Present		Software QA Tester, Premium Soft Labs, Phoenix, AZ

Project: Enterprise level HRMS WEB application for at EU, ES and Asian markets, available as SaaS product.

Test assigned areas (modules) of the application in agile environment.

Maintain the test plan and test cases based on available product requirement documentation.

Used Fiddler for inspecting incoming or outgoing data, and analyzing HTML code.

Used Ping to collect statistics data over sent and received packages.

Used JMeter to run the Load Performance test.

Execute functional test scenarios and keep track of bug reports using Jira.

Perform cross-browser regression testing of weekly builds.

Develop and manage internalization testing suits.

Perform risk based analysis to ensure the testing coverage of the most critical functionality of the app.

Prepare detailed testing reports prior to every release. 

Maintain software quality assurance space in Confluence.

Investigate reproducibility of issues reported by customers.

Responsible for identification of the duplicate bug reports in the bug tracking system.

Install and configure new virtual machines using VMware.

Adopt usage of browser emulators to improve testing efficiency.

Perform API implementations testing.

Took part in the weekly QA meetings to discuss new features which coming with new release and strategy for the week; and sent the status reports to QA manager.



Project: Mobile (iOS and Android) application for creating, editing and sharing videos. 

Participate in testing of the native mobile media-editing application with 5+ million downloads.

Perform cross-platform installation testing on multiple iOS 8+ and Android 4+ devices using TestFlight and Android Debug Bridge.

Analyze software requirements, prepare and maintain detailed test scenarios.

Document software issues found during execution of smoke, functional and regression test cases.

Perform testing of the sharing functionality of the application (Facebook, Instagram etc.)

Design and perform interruption and connectivity testing.

Utilize recognized user interface guidelines for GUI testing.

Verify and investigate bugs reported by the company employees and customers.

Investigate possible workarounds for major issues which cannot be promptly fixed.

Manage testing environment on multiple mobile devices.



EDUCATION:

Present		Computer Science Curriculum, Harper College in Palatine, IL

2014		BS in Information Technology, State University, Rzeszow, Poland\n
Bryan Eric Norris 

2450 Old farmhouse Ct

Herndon, VA 20171

Email: bryerinor@gmail.com 

Phone: 540-819-7391



Peoplesoft Developer 

I became a PeopleSoft Technical Consultant right after graduating from college with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and Information Systems. I worked for a consulting company programming and working with PeopleSoft for various companies. 

I have been programming and developing with PeopleSoft Products and other Applications since 2000 with a background in many of Peoplesoft HCM modules and some Peoplesoft Financials. I have performed fit-gaps analysis, data conversions from other systems,  SQRs, Reports, data feeds, and development using Peoplesoft 8.x tools. I am a technical expert in Peopletools and other technology and have some functional skills with various PeopleSoft HCM modules, HR, Payroll, TAM, and T&L. I have proven background in problem solving even with other systems besides PeopleSoft. 



PeopleSoft Products 

PeopleSoft HCM 8.3/8.8/8.9/9.0/9.1/9,2 PeopleTools v8.1x, v8.4x ,8.53

Benefits Administration 

Workflow Administration 

Position Management 

Enterprise Portal 8.4 

Training Administration 

Talent Acquisition & Candidate Gateway, eRecruit 

Time & Labor, North America Payroll

HR, HR Profile 

Skills 

Data Conversion 

App Designer 

Stat! Migration Tool 

Quest Toad, SQL 

SQR-Runner, SQR, UltraEdit 

SQL Developer, SQL 

Oracle, SQL Server Databases 

Beyond Compare 

PeopleSoft Query 

Data Mover, Import Manager 

peoplecode, Application Engine 

Manager Self Service 

Self – Service 

Application Packages 

Oracle SQL, PL/SQL 

Component Interface 

 PUM

 



Work Experience: 

Baptist Health 

(Granite Peak Consulting)

PeopleSoft Consultant

May 2014 – Current

Oracle 11i, HCM ELM CRM Portal 9.1, PeopleTools 8.51 and 8.53X 





I working in Miami FL as a consultant for a Lawson Conversion to PeopleSoft HCM, ELM, CRM, Portal Implementation 9.1. I was creating applications for Baptist Health for feeds, and processes they needed for their new PS system 9.1. I first worked in the HCM modules like Payroll, Self Service, Positon Management, Benefits and HR. Then worked on the ELM changes and also the CRM changes that were needed for Baptist Health. I was also part of a tech team in creating a Person of Interest module so that Baptist could store info on their POIs in PeopleSoft. Baptist did not want to store the POIs in the Job records but did store the personal info in the Person records and assigned EMPLID to their POIs. I also did Tech designs for several processes.



Then I was part of the team for the data conversion from Lawson to PeopleSoft during the timeframe between August 2104 to December 2014. I was working on all the interfaces to load the data for different modules. Worked on HR, Payroll, Benefits, and Recruitment (TAM) conversions. Also had to work with the function team members. Handled issues like data issues, issue with Open Enrollment in Lawson that gave the Conversion process trouble in testing. I also validated, looked at errors, fixed errors, made changes to the program and other hands on that was needed for the Conversion. The conversion was done by using files that was generated by a  App Engine from PS to generate the Lawson feeds, then used other App Engines to load that data into PS. Was also involved in Data Conversion loads for testing, as well as the live process into PeopleSoft. We ran 2 loads each time for data conversion one for Payroll testing as o



Then after go live was involved in stabilizing various areas like HR, Payroll, Benefits, Manager Hire (TAM) process and Profiles. I worked on the feeds to and from Taleo to send Job Openings to Taleo. Then worked on the processes form Taleo to receive the data back by filling in the HRS records and (Manger Hire) so that another process could load the data to Person and Job. Worked on the Positon Self Service process that was created for Baptist. I worked on processes from PeopleFluent and other feeds when needed for Baptist. I was also on rotation for on call and also worked with issues that involved Integration Broker, Query, Processes, and any issue that came up. Lastly was involved with rewrites for several processes and the POI process.



I worked with App Designer, Browsers, Bugzilla, SDE, Phire, SQL developer, Query and other process for my job at Baptist Health. I also taught several users how to use and work with Query and how to make the queries that are needed.



Work Experience: 

Work Startegy

Sr. PeopleSoft Developer

Nov 2013 –  May 2014 

Oracle 11i, SQL Server, HCM 9.0 , HCM 9.1 LM 9.1 HCM 9,2, PeopleTools 8.51 and 8.53X 



I worked in Columbia MD as a consultant working on modules T&L, ePerformance, BI Pubisher, Manager Self-service and T&L Self Service. I worked on Manager Self-service and T&L Self Service for a company in Philadelphia working on an upgrade form HCM 9.0 to 9.2 HCM. I also took the Time and Labor Class during my time at Work Strategy.



I also upgraded a HCM demo and took it to a 9.2.005 using PUM running the whole process for creating the database, to working on the Virtual Box and PUM to make the Package and using the Upgrade Assistant to complete the process. 





Mantech International Corporation

Sr. PeopleSoft Developer

May 2012 – Sep 2013

Oracle 11i, HCM 9.1 LM 9.1 , PeopleTools 8.51 and 8.53X 



I worked in Fairfax VA area on Peoplesoft HCM for North America Payroll and Time and Labor. I was involved with applying tax updates, year-end processes, W-2 process and troubleshooting Time and Labor and Payroll issues that was needed. I worked on Time and Labor processes from PeopleSoft to Mantech customizations. I had to work with several of the customizations from the peoplecode, SQL rules and data itself. I worked on a process made for inserting or updating a Peoplesoft customization for the employees to have their work Authorization From this inserts row into the timesheet for rows for all employees. This loads the projects that an employee is working on which loads automatically for the employees each week for them to select from in timesheet as well as other rows that they can insert on the timesheet page. Part of the Mantech team that applied bundles 6 and 7 and had to apply the Mantech customizations for Peoplecode, SQRs and Cobols. I worked on the payroll and time and labor parts of this these bundles. I found a issue with a change to save peoplcode which was causing issues with the Timesheet comment process for Mantech Timesheet and had to research and create peoplecode to work and to allow for more than one save which Mantech could have multi comments if comments were needed by an employee when filling out the timesheet.



I created a process for a given employees in a certain EMPL_CLASS that creates a file for General Deductions that will be used by Excel to CI to load the data into the General Deduction tables. I created a process for fixing a employees Vacation Timesheet leave balance once they are terminated and the Vacation Buyout happens the App Engine will find the person and will reset the row for vacation in the TL_COMPLEAV_TBL. Then if they are rehire the date is correct and not the last data that existed for that employee. I also worked on Peoplesoft LM PeopleSoft. I worked on the a email feedback Mantech  process that sent emails to notify and have the employee go into Peoplesoft and do a survey on the classes that they take in LM.  I worked on creating a new IB process that sent over to LM to delete the LM_PERSON_ID if the EMPLID was deleted on the HR side by using the PER502 process. I applied all the Tax Updates starting with 12C to 13D adding all the customizations back and testing the processes. Also researched any change that came with the tax updates and for 13B had to apply the fix that Peoplesoft recommended for the issue with Job. I was part of the team for the tools upgrade for 8.53 for HCM and LM. Troubleshooted several issues with Leave Accruals for employees one was caused by being a Rehire and having a vacation buyout on the previous hire. The other issue was due to a Mantech page that contained the Leave Accrual record and updates the TL_COMPLEAV_TBL with custom code the custom code was updating the TL_QUANTITY to zero, so if the employee had a amount it would be off that amount until the row is fixed.



Société Générale

PeopleSoft Consultant

August 2011 to April 2012

Oracle 10, HCM 9.0, PeopleTools 8.49X 



I worked onsite in Jersey City, New Jersey working on Peoplesoft ‘s Payroll Interface for ADP for sending payroll data to ADP using the ADP connector. I did the research for their current Payroll Interface and how they used this to send data to ADP. They had several SQR/App Engine processes before and after the Peoplesoft Payroll Interface and several of these files, they did not use, that the Payroll Interface created. Some of their files were manually created and sent to ADP.  I tested the PS Payroll Interface process with several different setups and added the SG ADP configurations that were needed to create the records and views needed for the ADP connector to read the views. I then created the setup plan for the Payroll Interface.  



I created 3 custom processes the first was creating a App Engine for automating Time and Labor Reporter and schedule for users needing access to Time and Labor. I also worked on fixing issues with process that gets email addresses from Directory and creates the Emails for person for their Business Email address, also the process was fixed to not create bad emails for the PS system. The other creates 4 Excels spreadsheets one for head counts and worksheets this was created by a App Engine to loop through several different counts to generate the files. This worked by Quarters for the different type on employees and consultants taking in to factors like hours for none employees, holidays during that quarter, and how long the person worked during the quarter. 



I also made fixes for other PS or SG processes for SQRs, Peoplecode, and App Engines. 



Sandia National Laboratories

Sr. PeopleSoft Developer: Upgrade HCM 8.9 – HCM 9.0 

October 2008 – August 2011

 Upgrade PeopleSoft HCM from 8.9 to HCM 9.0.  Fit-Gap analysis with customizations. 

Oracle 10, HCM 8.9, HCM 9.0, PeopleTools 8.49X 

worked for a contracting company Gaits 



I worked on the PeopleSoft Team for Sandia National Labs starting with the 9.0 Implementation for moving from 8.9 PeopleSoft to a more vanilla process with PS 9.0. I was part of the HR Fit-Gap and Payroll analysis teams. I worked on Data conversion converted Contingent Workers from a custom app in PeopleSoft into the Job Structure inside of PeopleSoft using PS HR multiple Jobs.  I created App Engines that called PS Component Interfaces to load 40000 Job rows into Job. I also loaded the Contract into PS Contracts and loaded the Contract Data as well for the Contingent Workers. Worked on Time and Labor Timesheet customizations for employees and managers and worked on the Time and Labor Schedule customizations. I worked on a few rules for Time Admin. I worked on the Interface with Maximo (IBM) for time keeping, after another programmer worked on this process. 



I worked on SQRs for Benefits, HR, and Payroll during the Upgrade at Sandia National Labs. I also took several outside applications and brought them inside of PeopleSoft creating several bolt-on Processes. I created a Savings Bond Process for employees, a Spot award process for managers, and worked and completed a Donation Process inside of PeopleSoft for Employees to donate to Charities. Fit-gaped both the Manage Delegation and Manager Self Service, Sandia decided to go with Manager Delegation but not Manager Self Service. I was the Team lead for both. I setup the Manager Delegation for HCM 9.0 and managed the Personnel Action Process that Sandia created 6 months before the upgrade and moved this process into HCM 9.0. I worked on a few Tam processes and issues during the upgrade. I also worked on several other processes at Sandia from a Sandia directory, Enterprise Person, and some of the newer process PS has created. 



While working had a chance to work on and use a version 9.1 vanilla PS HCM while at Sandia National Labs, this was for a class on version 9.1 that was attended by the whole department. I was able to look at the various areas in this version of PS.



Darden Restaurants Inc 

Sr. PeopleSoft Developer

September 2006 – October 2008 

Oracle 10, HCM 8.9, PeopleTools 8.49X 



Came on board during the Darden upgrade conversion to 8.9 had to work on any issues that came up during the first few weeks. Then worked on Benefit interfaces, Oracle Financials interfaces, CA break process, Stock process, interfaces to Authoria and from Authoria, 401K (Darden Saving Plan) modification and other small projects (called Pipes by Darden). One of my main projects was Darden’s Total Awards Statement that used a SQR interface to load data for employees into records and pages that used the data to show the data on-line. The pages used the PeopleSoft Chart Objects, Grids, and peoplecode to show the data on the page for employees. There were also interfaces to Authoria on the PeopleSoft page to take the employee to the corresponding data going thought the Authoria bridge.  

I worked on the Rare Conversion project as a main task which was bringing several companies like Longhorn into Darden’s PeopleSoft system from a Larsen System. I worked on processes consisted or using mainly SQRs for Payroll, Benefit, and Stock. I worked on the process to also run open enrollment for Rare during the Rare Conversion. There were other objects created like Data Mover Scripts, SQL scripts, and various mapping records for Rare Conversion. The Rare Project was programming and tested for nine months and going live in June 31st 2008. This was the main project that ran from October 2007 to current.  



I worked on a UNIX system, with an Oracle database. I used PeopleTools, Debugger, DMS and SQL Scripts, PS Charts, Query, Application Engines, SQLDeveloper, UltraEdit, FTP, Component Interfaces and SQR. I also was on call for a week about ever 6 weeks which I work on the various modules from HR, Payroll, Benefits, Stock, Time Admin and various other processes Darden used to interface from or to PeopleSoft. 



Sandia National Laboratories 

Sr. PeopleSoft Developer

March 2003 – September 2006   

Oracle 9, HCM 8.1 , HCM 8.3, PeopleTools 8.X 



I worked onsite in Albuquerque, New Mexico from March 2003 to September 2006. I worked on eRecruit, eRecruit Manager’s Desktop, Recruit Workforce, and Resume Processing modules.  I worked on the eRecruit conversions for 8.3 and 8.9.Worked getting the modules deployed and setup for the client and adding customizations to certain parts of eRecruit and creating bolt on Apps for eRecruit. I also made SQL to load from eRecruit to Sandia Data warehouse system for the 8.9 conversion since the table structure changed for 8.9. I also worked on smaller projects like Foreign Nationals, LTE raises and other small projects for PeopleSoft. 



I worked on a UNIX system, with an Oracle database. Used PeopleTools, Debugger, DMS and SQL Scripts, Query, Application Engines, SQL Plus, Toad, SQR, Mohomine, Word for PeopleSoft, FTP, App Server, Verity, and Web Logic. I worked on workflow for eRecruit and made fixes and functionality to pages, components, views, custom records, and peoplecode in record, component, and pages.  

I converted over to a LTE working at Sandia National Labs as a employee from December 2004 to September 2006. I was working on the same work that I was working on as a consultant. I was the Team Lead for eRecruit for 8.9 Peoplesoft starting around March 2006. 



ABT Solutions for Johnson Control INC 

PeopleSoft Consultant

December 2002 – February 2003 



I worked onsite in Milwaukee, Wisconsin from December 2002 to January 2003 working on eRecruit, eRecruit Manager’s Desktop, Resume Processing, Recruit Workforce and eRecruit Security. I worked on fixing problems and issues with the recruitment modules and Johnson Control customized project. I worked on a UNIX system, with an Oracle database. I used peopletools, DMS and SQL Scripts, Query, Application Engines, SQL Navigator, SQL Plus, and PeopleSoft Security with LDAP security. Made fixes to pages, views, custom records, and peoplecode in record, component, and pages. I worked on workflow for eRecruit. Worked on the Sign-on peoplecode for PeopleSoft for eRecruit for assigning manage role when a user enters the system. I worked with Lotus Notes, Projects, Visio and Word for Documentation of customizations and fixes. 



Hypergen  for NASD, UNUM Provident, and GKN Automotives 

PeopleSoft Consultant

August 2000 – November 2002 



I worked onsite in Rockville, Maryland from late August to December 2002 worked on the eRecruit, eRecruit Manager’s Desktop and Resume Processing modules. I worked getting the modules deployed and setup for the client and doing a Fit Gap. Worked on a UNIX system, with an Oracle database once the modules deploy was complete started customization of the three modules. The customization was peoplecode on various objects, app engines, PeopleSoft objects, DMS and SQL scripts, setup of recruitment tables, SQR, and security for the three modules. I wrote process on how to deploy eRecruit for client for setup. 



I worked onsite in Portland, Maine for two months from June to the first of August 2002 working on several PeopleSoft Self Service modules for client. Work was to customized Manager Self Service, eProfile, and ePay. The three projects consisted of work from peoplecode on various records, pages and components and the new objects for the client customization of these three modules. I worked on workflow for Manager Self Service. I worked with DB2 on a MVS mainframe also worked on SQR, Scripts from SQL to DMS and App Engines. 



Worked on-site as the only consultant for client in North Carolina starting in January 2001 to end of January 2002 and work off-site for client for various projects thought out the year. Work consisted of research, modification, design, development, testing, documentation, and implementation on various upgrades, modification of custom projects, and new projects for Financial and HR modules in PeopleSoft for client. I worked on a SQL Server on Windows 2000 server. Researched and fixed various problems with peopletools, SQL Scripts, SQR, Upgrade Assistant, peoplecode debugger, Data Mover, PS Query, Query Analyzer, VB Application, Beyond Compare, Access, and other programs. During PeopleSoft upgrades and Service Pack 1 upgraded and fixed custom projects for client from various SQRs, Application Engines, peoplecode, PeopleSoft objects, Process Scheduler, VB applications for PeopleSoft, Application Messaging, SQLs and other programs that interfaced with PeopleSoft. I made new PeopleSoft projects from the initial gathering of information, designing the project, development of the project, testing the results, documenting the process for users, and finally putting the new project into production once the project was tested by client. These projects included exporting and importing data for PeopleSoft HCM to and from vendors, for reporting data in various forms, making changes to data in PeopleSoft and documenting these changes with reports, and other various projects requested by the users. I worked on various data conversion projects from client’s old Legacy systems to client’s Financial and HR PeopleSoft modules for Health and Safety, Time Reports, and Expense Project Report. I worked with functional PeopleSoft employees, Financial Staff, Benefit Staff, Payroll Staff, managers, and IT Department Staff from communicating, documentation, and meeting with client’s employees to complete various PeopleSoft projects. Work on workflow for training enrollment and Recruitment for eRecruit and Manager Self service.  

  

I worked offsite on Health and Safety PeopleSoft module, for customer for their PeopleSoft system from December 2001to first of January 2002. Work was for the data conversion of three different Business Units for the Health and Safety module. Once the data conversion was complete, I worked on the customization for the Health and Safety Module.  I also worked on eRecruit, and other various workflows for self-service and training, SQRs and other projects. 



Part of PeopleSoft upgrade team from October to November 2000 for client from 7.5 HCM to 8 HCM and later in 2001 part of upgrade team from 8 HCM to 8.13 HCM. During upgrade worked on SQR, peoplecode, peopletools, SQL, Application Engines, VB Applications for PeopleSoft, and other various enhancements on an NT SQL server platform. I performed analysis with users to provide accurate needs assessment for PeopleSoft custom projects.   



Education: 

August 1996 – May 2000  Glenville State College with  a B.S.B.A. in Computer Science and Information Systems 

I majored in Computer Science and Information Systems with emphasis in computers, programming, business, math, leadership, management, and communication. Made 7 Dean’s list with overall grade point average of 3.52 out of 4. Phi Beta Lambda was President 98-99, Treasurer from 99-00, and State Vice-President 99-00; created several Annul Reports and PBL projects. SIFE member was part of SIFE Team of presenters 99-00 and co-creator of SIFE Presentation 99-00. While attending Glenville State College designed, developed and maintained five web sites for the Division of Business, SIFE, Career Services, Central West Virginia Tech Prep, and Phi Beta Lambda.  

Training: 

PeopleSoft Training: PeopleTools I, PeopleTools II, and SQR  

 

PeopleSoft Experience:  PeopleSoft Financial and HR modules, PeopleSoft Payroll, PeopleSoft Ben Admin, PeopleSoft 7.5, 8.1, 8.13, 8.15, 8.16, 8.18, 8.3, 8.9 and 9.0, PeopleSoft Upgrade, Peoplecode, Peoplecode debugger, PeopleTools, App Engine debugger, PeopleSoft Process Scheduler, Application Server, PIA, Web Logic, PeopleSoft Application Designer, STAT, PeopleSoft Component Interface, PS App Package, PS Query , PS XML parser, PeopleSoft Application Engine, PeopleSoft Cobol, PeopleSoft Application Messaging, SQR, SQL, Data Conversion, PeopleSoft Config Manager, VB for PeopleSoft, PS Query, PeopleSoft Design, Development,  Configuration Management, Workflow, script development,  Testing, and Implementation on new modules. PeopleSoft E-modules eRecruitment, eCompensation, eProfile, eBenefits, ePay, eRecruit Manager Desktop, and eComp Mgr.  

 

Operating Systems experience:  DOS, Windows 95, 98, 2000, NT, Vista, XP, Windows 7, Server 2000, NT 4.0, VMS, UNIX, MVS. 

 

Database experience:  DB2, Oracle, SQL Server, and Access. 

 

Computer language experience:  PeopleCode, SQL, SQR, COBOL, C, Visual C, Java, JavaScript, Pascal, HTML, DHTML, VBScript, Visual Basic, VBA, and ASP. 

Proficient with:  Microsoft Office, Microsoft Visual Studio 5 and 6, SLQ Server 7.5 and 2000, Oracle, MS Access, Data Mover, WinEdit, Beyond Compare, Query Analyzer, Data Conversion Tool, FTPs, Lotus Notes, SQL Navigator, Toad, SQL plus, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Projects, Visio, Front Page, MacroMedia DreamWeaver, Norton Antivirus, WordPerfect, MGI PhotoSuite, Microsoft Visual Studio 5 and 6, MS Explorer, Netscape, Auto-Cads, graphic programs, Liquid Motion, Gif makers, Imaging, and scanning programs. 

Hardware experience:   Networking, Scanners, Monitors, Cabling, NIC Cards, Electrical, installing components, installing hardware, and printers.\n
Usha Prajapati.

												Email: swengg.us@gmail.com. 						        Cell: 331-305-1704



Professional Summary:

	Close to 7 years of Information Technology experience in Analysis, Design and Development of projects, using Java, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, JavaBeans, JSF, HTML, DHTML, XML, JavaScript and CSS.

	Experienced in using Agile Methodology including creating product/sprint catalogs, active participation in Scrum, Sprint planning and exit meetings.

	Develop, maintain, and automate the core CI/CD pipeline (using Git, Jenkins, and Puppet) and provide support for the application.

	Hands on experience in automating everything - from building (GIT and Jenkins), testing (Selenium, TestNG), and deploying (Puppet) services.

	Basic knowledge of AWS cloud developer.

	Extensive Object Oriented Analysis & Design (OOAD) development experience.

	Designed, developed, implemented and maintained various functionalities using Java, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, JavaBeans, JSF, HTML, DHTML, XML, JavaScript and CSS. 

	Engagement with peers, vendors and all levels of management teams for requirements gathering, analysis, design, development, implementation and testing of large scale web based multi-tier distributed applications.

	Extensive experience in the design, development, and implementation of Test Strategies, Test Plans, Test cases Involved in (Functional Testing) phases of testing during my professional career.

	Having hands on experience in conducting Defect Triage Meeting with stakeholders of projects and work with team for defect closure by following defect life cycle.

	Hands on experience in Selenium web driver, developed test scripts to test ECS application using POM hybrid framework, automation of customer, vendor and Item domains.

Prepared end-to-end functional and technical specification

	Expertise in developing applications using Struts framework.

	Developed user interfaces with AJAX and JavaScript libraries like ExtJS.

 Proficiency in developing applications with Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) using Web Services and Web Service clients.

	Worked on the spring framework like IOC & basics of spring, Transaction handling, Spring JDBC, spring annotations, AOP and spring batch. Developed several Jasper Reports using iReport 

	Experience in writing ANT, Maven build scripts, providing logging facility using Log4j, Writing JUnit test cases and used Jira, HP ALM for bug tracking.	

	Possess effective communication skills along with strong dedication and commitment towards work.

	

Technical Skills:

Language: Java-J2EE (Servlet, Jsp, Jsf, JDBC, JavaBean JNDI, EJB), J2ME.

Web Technologies:    Html/Dhtml, Xhtml, Css, Xml, XSD, WSDL, DTD, Dom/Sax and J2EE Design Patter.

Test Automation Tool: Selenium Web-Driver

Frameworks:    Struts, spring, Hibernate, GWT, jQuery.

	IDE's:    Eclipse (Galileo, Helios, Indigo), Net Beans, Bea WebLogic, Workshop, IBM Rad.

Web Services:   Jax-WS, SOAP, WSDL, Apache AXIS, IBM MQ.

Application server:    Bea WebLogic, IBM WAS, JBOSS, Apache Tomcat.

Database:    My SQL, Oracle, SQL Server, DB2.

Scripting Languages:    Java Script, Ajax, and JQuery.

Tools:   Build (Ant, Maven, Maven2), Logging (Log4j), Version Control (CVS, SVN, Tele logic), Testing (jUnit, Selenium, TestNG, jQuery, Clear Quest).

Operating Systems:   Windows 2000, Windows xp, Windows Vista, windows 7, UNIX and Sun Solaris.

 

Education and Certifications:

	BS Electronics & Telecommunication) in Engineering. 

C-DAC Certified.

Sun Certified Programmer for Java 2 Platform, Standard Edition 5.0(SCJP  5.0) with 95%

Sun Certified Web Component Developer for the Java Platform, Enterprise Edition with 98%.



Professional Experience:



Fifth Third Bank, Cincinnati, OH.     				       Apr ’17 – Till Date                                                                         

Application Developer

Description Fifth Third Bank in Cincinnati-OH, Involved in implementing one of the top 25 IT projects, which included providing mortgage, wealth management services to individuals and investment banking and capital advisory to institutions. The project was to reengineer the web based trade order management system for Equities and derivatives



     Responsibilities:

Involved in the business requirements gathering and provided valuable inputs for designing the application.

Create a DevOps process that will automate various manual tasks.

Established CI/CD capability in non-production environments in project.

Analyzed and converted business requirements into technical requirements.

Designed and developed UI screens using Struts 2, DOJO, JavaScript, JSP, HTML, DOM, CSS, and AJAX.

Designed and developed transactions and persistence layers to save/retrieve/modify data for application functionalities using JDBC, Spring-Struts2 integration framework, XML, Microsoft SQL Server, SQL, Stored Procedures.

Configured and used Struts and Tiles framework for creating web based user interface. 

Implemented DAO for data access using spring, JDBC.

Developed complex SQL queries for testing the database functionality.

Implemented service locator to call SOAP web services to consume in the application for user validation using JAX-WS, WSDL, and SOAP and tested using SOAPUI.

Involved in splitting, validating and processing of HL7 files that are sent by the senders (hospitals).

Used Log4J logging framework for logging messages in the code.

Developed application in Java/JEE technologies using Eclipse IDE.

Developed unit and integration test cases using JUnit.

Involved in testing and deploying in the UAT phase.

Used Cron4j for scheduling a process in the application that generates notifications to the hospitals if a file is not received in a scheduled time using Multithreading. 

Used Atlassian JIRA for tracking and updating the project issues. 

Involved in building API document for the application.





Environment: Java 1.7, J2EE, SQL Server 2012, Windows 7, SQL Server Management Studio, Tomcat 7, Struts 2, JSP, XML, DOJO, JavaScript, Cron4j, Log4j, Spring, JDBC, SQL, JIRA, TFS, Eclipse Indigo, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JAX-WS, SOAPUI, WSDL, JUnit.





Technical Training:                                                                                     Jan '16 – Mar ‘17     

	Attended DevOps training classes from NCG consulting group.

	Attended Selenium automation training and demo project with NCG consulting group.

		Automate the deployment, configuration and management.

	Attended training and Used Puppet configuration management tool.

	Application Monitoring with Nagios.

	Did Electronic clearing system (ECS) project during training period; ECS is the central system to manage the CRUD processes for VENDOR, ITEM and CUSTOMER domains. New entity/any changes to enterprise attributes will require a request be submitted through the ECS than, it will be published to consuming systems via ESB. All the enterprise attributes will be managed thorough ECS and locked down in all the consuming systems



Verizon Data Services, Hyderabad, INDIA     				May '11 – Mar '13                        

Java/J2EE Developer and Automation Tester.

Project: vRepair

Description:  Verizon is one of the largest wireless companies in the United States. It offers a wide range of networking products and services. This project was a Web Based Application Development for the FIOS and Other consumers. vRepair Analytics is a premium collection of popular business reports on Verizon trouble management data these reports are defined and developed according to specific requirements but yet are flexible enough to accept different use inputs to satisfy our ever-growing business needs it is our hope that this web.





Responsibilities:

	Involved in all phases of the Software development life (SDLC) using Agile Methodology.

	Developed user interface using JSP, HTML, XHTML and Java Script to simplify the complexities of the application.

	Developed the application using Struts Framework which is based on the MVC Used Ajax for intensive user operations and client-side validations.

	Developed application service components and configured beans using Spring IoC, creation of Hibernate mapping files and generation of database schema.

	Used Web Services for creating rate and used WSDL and SOAP messages for getting insurance plans from different module and used XML parsers for data retrieval.

	Used SQL statements and procedures to fetch the data from the database.

	Used Oracle 10g as backend Database.

	Create Test Plan, Test Scenario, Test Case, Test Result, and Test Reports of vRepair project.

	Review Test Plan, Test Scenario, and Test Case with Verizon management and Vendor team.

	Manage requirement to test case matrix in Application Life Cycle Management i.e. ALM, Participate in requirement and design discussion: and get QA team doubt clarified.

	Automation of vRepair project using selenium, developed test script for web based application for FIOS and Other consumers, Used Page object model.

	QA team was able to run regression test scripts quickly whenever there is new build provided to QA team was able to test report quickly.

	Deployed the application on to Web Sphere application server.

	Involved in JUnit Testing of various modules by generating the Test Cases.

	Developed Ant Scripts for the build process and deployed in IBM Web Sphere.

	Involved in Bug fixing of various modules that were raised by the testing teams in the application during the Integration testing phase.

	Implemented Log4J for Logging Errors, debugging and tracking using loggers, appender’s components.

	Prepared technical reports & documentation manuals during the program development.

	Used Surround for version control and Clear Quest for bug tracking.

	

Environment:   Java5.0, JSP, Selenium Web-Driver, Struts, spring, JMS, Hibernate, Apache Axis 2.0, UDDI, WSDL, SOAP && RESTFULL Web Service, UML, XML, HTML, 

      Log 4j, WebSphere, RAD 7.0, UML, and Rational rose, Surround, Ant, and Oracle.



                    			                                             

State Bank of India (SBI), Hyderabad, INDIA                       Jan '11 – May ‘11                        

JAVA/J2EE Developer

Project: SBG e-Learning Portal

Description: The Learning Management System (LMS)/Learning Content Management System (LCMS) will allow SBI group (hereafter, 'SBG') to automate the management and tracking of training and certifications. The LMS will also allow SBG to deliver training using different modalities e.g. online, collaborative, informal, virtual classroom in addition to the current on -site instructor-led training. On integration with SBG HRMS system, the LMS will allow SBG to relate, track and manage training for specific positions and job functions.



Responsibilities:

	Involved in analysis, design and development of Expense Processing system and developed specs that include Use Cases, Class Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams and Activity Diagrams.

	Developed the application using Struts Framework that leverages classical Model View Controller (MVC) architecture.

	Deployed the applications on IBM WebSphere Application Server.

	Used AJAX Framework for Dynamic Searching of Bill Expense Information.

	Involved in designing the user interfaces using Struts Tiles Framework, HTML, and JSP.

	Used spring for cross cutting concerns and IOC for dependency injection.

	Used Hibernate in data access layer to access and update information in the database.

	Implemented Business processes such as user authentication, Transfer of Service using Session EJBs.

	

Environment:  Struts, Hibernate, Spring, EJB, JSP, Servlets, JMS, XML, SOAP, WSDL, JDBC, JavaScript, UML, HTML, JNDI, CVS, Log4J, RAD 7, Windows XP, WebSphere App server, WebLogic, Rational Rose, Oracle.



ECIL, Hyderabad, INDIA   							Dec’09 – Dec’10                                                                                      

JAVA /J2EE Developer 

Project:  Surplus-Track                                                                        

Description:   Surplus Track is a highly secure, web-based portal that provides industrial trading partners efficient methods to remarket surplus material.  Our comprehensive web-based utilities help your employees and authorized agents efficiently identify, organize, tag, redeploy and remarket your surplus items. Surplus Track offers your organization a global view of your surplus assets.  



Responsibilities:

	Responsible and mentored the team in complete software development lifecycle (SDLC) tasks - design, coding, testing, and documentation using Rational Unified Process (RUP) for analysis and design of application.

	Designed and developed the web-tier using Html, JSP's, Servlets, Struts and Tiles framework.

	Involved in the development of business module applications using J2EE technologies like Servlets, JSP and JDBC.

	Implemented Action Classes and server side validations for account activity, payment history and Transactions.

	Used the light weight container of the Spring Frame work to provide architectural flexibility for inversion of controller (IOC).

	Developed test cases and performed unit test using JUnit Framework.

	Used CVS as version control. Used ANT scripts to fetch, build, and deploy application to development environment.

	

	Environment:  Java, J2EE, Spring, Spring AOP, Struts, JNDI, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Hibernate, WebLogic, SQL 2005, ANT, Log4j, JUnit, XML, JSP, Servlets, JSTL, AJAX, WebSphere Application Server. 

 

Project: Cost Tracker   						Mar '09– Dec '09                                                                                         

Description: This project required major security because it was Deference Related. I was working on      Nokia E71 and E90 modem.



Responsibilities:

	Involved in the Requirements collection & Analysis from the business team.

	Created the design documents with use case diagram, class diagrams, and sequence diagrams using Rational Rose.

	Implemented the MVC architecture using Apache Struts1.2 Framework.

	Implemented views using Struts tags, JSTL2.0 and Expression Language.

	Used Java Messaging Services (JMS) for reliable and asynchronous exchange of important information such as payment status report.

	Developed Unit test cases using jUnit.

	Developed ant scripts and developed builds using Apache ANT.

	Used Log4J to capture the log that includes runtime exceptions.

	Used Clear Case for source code maintenance. Developed action and model classes in the Symbian OS with Java, J2ME. 



Environment: J2EE Java, J2ME, Midlet, Struts, Tiles, JSP, JNDI, Clear Case, SOAP, WSDL, UDDI, JAXB, JAXP,  XML Schema (XST), EJB 2.0, ANT, Java script, JMS, WebLogic, Rational Rose, NetBeans IDE 6.9, Symbian OS, WSAD, DB 2.



C-DAC, Hyderabad, INDIA      					     Feb '08 – Feb '09                                                                                         

 Java J2EE Developer

Project: Online Polling Mechanism.

Description:   Poll helps you to understand the current trends on various issues. By the help of it you can also understand the thinking of people. On line Poll provides a very sophisticated yet simple way to use on line poll solution. No technical knowledge is necessary and setting up the poll is very easy. The application will have administration module to administer the categories of the poll. 



Responsibilities:

	Involved in analysis and design of the application.

	Involved in preparing the detailed design document for the project.

	Developed the application using J2EE architecture.

	Involved in developing JSP forms.

	Designed and developed web pages using HTML and JSP. 

	Designed various applets using jBuilder.

	Designed and developed Servlets to communicate between presentation and business layer.

	Used EJB as a middleware in developing a three-tier distributed application.

	

	Environment: Core Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, XML, XSLT, EJB, JDBC, jBuilder 8.0, jBoss,  Swing, JavaScript, JMS, HTML, CSS, MySQL Server, CVS.

		

C-DAC, Hyderabad, INDIA     					  Jan '07 – Feb '08  		                                               

Java/J2EE Developer

 Project: Work Bench National

 Description: Workbench National was a high performance low latency application developed from scratch for dispatch clerks, responsible for dispatching the day to day tasks for the outside plant technicians. The application acts as a wrapper for WFA/DO (legacy Mainframe system) and also as bridge between various related applications. It helps in reducing the non-productive dispatches of technicians.



Responsibilities

		Created functional specification documents with business requirements.

		Analyzed and converted user requirements into technical specs for development.

Consulted offshore team and super users for business requirements, identified requirements independently, developed action plans by identifying deliverables and presented results.

Participated in developing project estimations for developments schedule and displayed commitment.

	Delivered presentations to business users on the prototype of the application.

	Reported status often, worked proactively with managers and displayed commitment.

		Fixed issues/bugs during Go-Live and also during the Production Support of the application.

		Ensured timely delivery of the project related documentation and deliverables.

 Provided Knowledge transition to technical and business teams on systems and application processes



Environment: Java, JSP, EJB, Struts, MQ, SOAP and REST, Web service, Oracle 10g, Eclipse, UNIX, Linux.\n
Daniel H. Pyon

43316 Dovetail Place § Ashburn, VA 20147

Tel: (571) 439-5341 § Email: danielpyon@gmail.com







EDUCATION:

University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA

B.A., Economics, December 2009, Cumulative GPA: 3.3



EMPLOYMENT:

U.S. Census Bureau									Suitland, MD

Survey Statistician/Economic Analyst GS-1530 Grade 12					(2/10-present)

Provided user experience input for complete re-engineering of data processing/collection system 

Oversaw branch efforts to update legacy data collection/processing application in order to ease the data collection process for data providers, allow analysts to focus on higher level concerns, and save time/money

Communicated with multiple teams of project stakeholders throughout redesign process (led meetings/calls)

Gathered requirements from data providers in order to tailor new web collection system to their needs

Collected detailed business requirements and wrote survey specifications

Provided programmers with requirements/specifications throughout the development process

Tested multiple applications and mock website screens and documented desired changes based on user needs 

Demonstrated new applications for managers/analysts once complete

Ensured adherence to Census Bureau and OPM design standards

Familiar with Agile methodology

Analyzed state government financial/tax data for the Annual Survey of State Government Finances and Quarterly Survey of State and Local Government Tax Revenue 

Collected financial data/tax statistics from a large sample of state and local government agencies

Analyzed and compiled financial data using MS Excel and an in-house data processing system and crosswalk/coding structure

Addressed inconsistencies in data by contacting respondents or researching state financial records and policy

Conducted peer reviews of coworkers’ data analysis

Wrote and edited detailed user information sheets to describe various details about findings

Utilized various data visualization methods to highlight data trends

Presented findings to division chief and other senior management quarterly

Provided input on survey/form design and proofread for errors, inconsistencies, and unclear wording while insuring adherence to Census Bureau and OPM standards

Maintained personal contact and provided tactful customer service to over 5,000 separate local and state government data users and providers 

Upon release of data, responded to questions from data users (reporters, tax/economic experts) and providers

Assisted data providers with technical issues (website login issues, password resets, etc.)



Cedarbrook Clinic LLC									Rockville, MD
Receptionist/Office Assistant								(5/09~8/09)

Cedarbrook Clinic is a psychiatry office where patients can receive psychiatric treatment or other counseling

Handled all logistics related to filing insurance claims and payments on a daily basis

Created various patient data reports and performed analyses at the physician’s request

Generated physicians’ payroll reports on a bi-weekly basis using daily bookkeeping statements

Responsible for maintaining a daily bookkeeping log, depositing checks, scheduling patient appointments, etc.





TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY/OTHER DETAILS:

Proficient with MS Word, Excel, Powerpoint

Some experience with TOAD/Oracle Database/SQL

Typing: 70 WPM

Able to communicate effectively, both in writing and speech.  

US Citizen (able to obtain government clearance)



REFERENCES:   Available upon request.\n
EIAD Z. SAYYAD, PMP ITIL CSM



Experience Summary

Mr. Sayyad has over nineteen years of experience within the Information Technology (IT) industry.  He has been involved in every phase of the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using various methodologies.  Mr. Sayyad’s strong technical background has enabled him to manage large software engineering efforts using both the traditional waterfall as well as the agile scrum methodologies.  Mr. Sayyad’s technical expertise is comprised of systems architecture, custom software development, data management, and COTS integration.  His knowledge of object-oriented design and development techniques enables him to understand the big picture on how various system components are related and can integrate with one another.  He has hands-on experience related to various data modeling techniques which include transactional, dimensional, and hierarchal.  Mr. Sayyad has architected enterprise search solutions for both structured and unstructured data while using both centralized and federated models of integration.  He is highly effective at implementing data integration solutions using batch, near real-time and real-time architectures.  He has extensive experience with architecting and implementing both data warehouses and more focused data mart solutions.  Mr. Sayyad is an expert in business intelligence implementations including dash-boarding, analytical reporting, ad-hoc reporting, and data visualization techniques.  Mr. Sayyad’s overall background, skills, certifications and clearance make him an ideal candidate for a leadership position with any highly visibility project with national security implications.



Key Qualifications



Management

																	Resource Optimization

																	Interpersonal Skills

																	Work Breakdown Analysis

																	Personal Organization 

																	Listening Skills

																	Customer Delivery Focused

																	Personnel Development 

																	Presentation Skills

																	Financials Management

																	Risk Management

																	Staff Mentoring Skills 

																	Motivational Techniques

																	Leadership 

																	Problem Solving 

																	Project Scheduling 



Technical

																	System Architecture / SOA

		Data Architecture

																	Data Warehousing

																		Business Intelligence 

																		Data Management 

																	Extract Transform Load

																	Geospatial Analysis

																	Mobile Development

																	Enterprise Search

		Database Design

		DB Admin./ Development

		Entity Resolution

		Entity Extraction

		Data Modeling 

		Web/Custom Development 



Functional

																	Requirements Gathering

																	Data Analysis 

																	System Analysis

																	Written Communication

																	Oral Communication

		Workflow Task Design

																	Mobile Computing Design 

																	Screen Design/Wireframes

																	User Interface Design

																	Usability Experience

		Configuration Management

																	Automated Testing

																	Manual Testing/Validation

																	Agile Scrum



Technical Software Skills

Software Application Development: Microsoft .NET Framework 1.1,2.0,3.5, 4.0, 4.5, Entity Framework Object Relational Mapping (ORM), Microsoft AJAX Toolkit 1.0, Telerik Controls, Telerik Reporting, Web Services, VB.NET, ASP.NET, C#, Classic Active Server Pages, Microsoft Visual Studio 2005/2008, Microsoft Visual Web Developer 2005/2008, Eclipse, Java, Java Server Pages (JSP), Java Server Faces (JSF), Java Persistence API (JPA) Hibernate, Perl, Visual Basic, SQL, Oracle Forms, Oracle Reports, Oracle Pro*C, ANSI C, UNIX Bourne Shell Scripting, Batch Scripting

Business Intelligence/Analysis:  SAP Business Objects/Web Intelligence, MicroStrategy (and MicroStrategy Mobile), Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBIEE), Dashboards, Scorecards

Embedded Application Reporting:  SQL Server Reporting Services (Server Mode), Microsoft Reporting (Local Mode), Crystal Reports, Business Objects API

Web Design/Development:  JavaScript, Sencha EXT JS, JQuery JS Framework, Angular JS, HTML/HTML5, XML/XSLT, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS/CSS3), VBScript

Database:  Microsoft SQL Server 2008/2012/2014/Express, Query Analyzer, Oracle Enterprise Server 9i/10g/11g/Express, Oracle Lite, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Oracle PL/SQL, Structured Query Language (SQL), TOAD, SQL Navigator, SQL Developer, T-SQL, MS Access, Quest Data Factory

Data Modeling: CA ERwin, XML Spy, Oracle Designer, Enterprise Architect, Sybase PowerDesigner

Data Integration: Informatica PowerCenter, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Microsoft Data Transformation Services, DTSBackup, Oracle Warehouse Builder, Business Objects Data Integrator, IBM (WS/Ascential) DataStage, Composite Software, BEA Aqua Data, MetaMatrix, Embarcadero DT/Studio

Team Collaboration/Configuration Management: Microsoft Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS) formally Visual Studio Online (VSO), Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS), Subversion (SVN), TortoiseSVN, IBM ClearCase, StarTeam, PVCS

Testing/Validation:  Microsoft Coded User Interface (UI) Tests for Automation (via Visual Studio), Microsoft Test Manager (MTM) integration with TFS, Visual Studio Unit Tests

Mobile Development:  Sencha Touch (for the iOS, Android, Blackberry, and Windows Mobile Platforms), PhoneGap 

Web/Application Servers: Internet Information Server (IIS), Tomcat, WebSphere Application Server (WAS)

Portal Servers: Microsoft SharePoint, Plumtree, WebSphere Portal

Workflow: WebSphere Process Server, Metastorm

Enterprise Search: Autonomy IDOL Server 7.0, Visual Analytics – Digital Information Gateway, Apache Lucene, Chiliad, Oracle Text/Ultra Search, Microsoft FAST

Data Visualization: MapQuest Open JavaScript Maps API, Google Analytics, Visual Analytics – VisuaLinks, ChoicePoint i2 iXv, 

General Software:  Microsoft (Visio, Project, Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, InfoPath), Lotus Notes, Corel Suite, WinZip, WS FTP Pro, Hummingbird, Rational Requisite Pro, Help Magician Pro, RoboHelp, TeraTerm

Operating Systems: Sun Solaris, UNIX (AIX), Linux, Windows 32/64 Bit, Windows Server, ISPF/Mainframe



Technical Leadership Skills

Azure Cloud Architect Boot Camp, Microsoft

ServiceNow System Administration, ServiceNow

Microsoft Team Foundation Server for On-premises Team Collaboration

SAP/Business Objects Education – Business Objects (BO) Universe Design

SAP/Business Objects Education – Business Objects (BO) Administration

SAP/Business Objects Education - BO Web Intelligence XI R1/R2 Advanced Reporting

SAP/Business Objects Education - BO Web Intelligence XI R1/R2 Report Design

Advanced Data Modeling Techniques, Data Management (DAMA) Conference

Sencha Touch (Cross-Device Mobile Touch Development Framework)

Sencha EXT JS (Cross-Browser Compatibility JavaScript Framework)

Introduction to MicroStrategy Mobile

Autonomy (Enterprise Search) Education – IDOL Server Essentials

Informatica Certification Program – Passed Informatica PowerCenter Certification Exam

Oracle Database Administration, The Learning Tree International

ANSI C Programming, The Learning Tree International

Crystal Reports Development, New Horizons



Management Training/Certification

Project Management Professional, Project Management Institute

Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Foundation v.2011

Certified Scrum Master, Scrum Alliance

Getting Things Done (GTD), David Allen Seminar

Systems Engineering Boot Camp, Booz Allen Hamilton

Writing Winning Proposals, Booz Allen Hamilton

Presentation Skills, Booz Allen Hamilton



Professional Experience	



Buchanan & Edwards 								        July 2009 – Present	

			Department of State, Program Manager 			        September 2014 – Present

		

		Mr. Sayyad is serving as the Program Manager responsible for several of BE’s Department of State

		Accounts.  These accounts include African Affairs Bureau (AF), Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs

		(EUR/IO), Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs Mission to the United Nations (EUR/ECM), Bureau of

		Western Hemisphere (WHA), Bureau of Near East Asian Affairs (NEA), Office of Policy, Planning and

		Resources (R/PPR), Office of Management Policy, Rightsizing and Innovation (M/PRI), Bureau of

		Educational and Cultural Affairs (ECA), the Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration (PRM), the

		Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor (DRL) Consular Affairs (CA), the Office of Emergency

		Management (OEM) and the Bureau of Public Affairs (PA).  Responsibilities include all personnel and labor

		activities for approximately 50 staff members serving different projects.  Responsibilities includes I ensure

		we remain in compliance with firm policies and standards.  It also includes oversight of financial

		profitability for each project.  These accounts equate to over $30M in revenue.

		

		Bureau of Information Management Resources, Deputy Program Manager  	                 June 2016 – Present

		Mr. Sayyad is serving as the Deputy Program Manager for Department of State’s IRM Bureau. His primary

		responsibility is to provide broad expertise across a variety of information technology platforms and

		projects that BE supports.  Mr. Sayyad brings specific expertise as it relates to Enterp3rise Content

		Management solutions.  One of the projects supported is the archival and search of the Department’s

		enterprise email systems both on classified and unclassified environments.  The unclassified system will

		be hosted in MS Azure to support scalability while the classified system will be on-premises using

		Department infrastructure.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Agile Scrum Methodology 

		•	Internet Information Services 

		•	Apache Tomcat

		•	JavaScript	

		•	Team Foundation Server

		•	MS SQL Server DB

		•	AngularJS

		•	Visual Studio Coded UI Tests	

		•	Microsoft Azure

		•	Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)

		•	SOLR

		•	HTML

		

		

			Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs, Project Manager	           September 2014 – June 2016

			

		Mr. Sayyad is serving as the Project Manager for Department of State’s ECA Bureau to consolidate legacy

		applications with the same function and deploy to the cloud.  The goal of the project is to build a

		knowledge management tool (KMT) which collects data using a browser based interface making it

		accessible anywhere that a browser exists.  It standardizes reporting and saves on license and maintenance

		costs.  Mr. Sayyad instituted Agile Scrum from the beginning by training staff and stakeholders through

		sessions and materials.  Mr. Sayyad facilitated common language sessions with designated lead

		representatives from the various ECA Organizations to create a standard set of terms and language that

		could be used by the end users.  Doing so enabled BE to define and document the standard terminology

		that will used by the KMT.  Using the common language defined, BE designed a physical data model used

		to capture and store the data in Microsoft SQL Server.  The system architecture includes both, the user

		interface architecture as well as the data architecture.  The underlying cloud-based technology leveraged

		to deliver the system is Microsoft Azure which has enabled the BE Engineering Team to provision web

		servers, database servers and reporting servers for several controlled environments.  The application has

		been developed using Microsoft .NET 4, HTML, CSS and the AngularJS JavaScript framework.  The team is

		leveraging a Single Page Application (SPA) design which fits the web site on a single web page with the

		goal of providing a more fluid user experience.  SPAs enable the webpage to be retrieved with a single

		page load or dynamically loaded and added to the page as necessary in response to user actions.  This

		results in very responsive web sites.  All data migrations are being done using Microsoft SQL Server

		Information Services (SSIS).  

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	.NET Framework 4.6

		•	ERwin Data Modeler

		•	Microsoft Azure

		•	JQuery Framework

		•	Cloud Computing

		•	Microsoft Project	

		•	.NET MVC

		•	AngularJS

		•	Visual Studio Team Services

		•	Microsoft Azure SQL

		•	MS SQL Server DB

		•	Oracle RDBMS	

		•	Agile Scrum Methodology 

		•	Internet Information Services 

		•	Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)

		•	SQL Server Reporting Services

		•	SQL Server Integration Services

		

		

		Bureau of Information Resource Management, Program Manager	                          May 2014 – August 2014

		Mr. Sayyad served as the Program Manager for the Department of State’s, Bureau of Information Resource

		Management (IRM) Vanguard 2.3.1 Project and operationally supported several production systems.  In

		addition, the team developed new applications and an enterprise data warehouse that supported other

		Bureaus within the Department.  Mr. Sayyad facilitated training on agile scrum for approximately 80 staff

		members including Federal employees.  This effort built a foundation for transformation from a non

		standard SDLC on each project to a standardized and optimized approach.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	.NET Framework 4.0

		•	ERwin Data Modeler

		•	MS PowerShell

		•	MS SharePoint

		•	JQuery JS Framework

		•	Informatica 	

		•	SAP/BO Web Intelligence

		•	SAP/BO Universe Designer

		•	JIRA

		•	MS SQL Server DB / T-SQL

		•	Oracle DB / PL/SQL

		•	ASG Rochade Metadata Tool	

		•	Agile Scrum Methodology 

		•	Internet Information Services 

		•	Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)

		•	.NET MVC

		•	Oracle Fusion Middleware

		•	HTML

		

		

			Foreign Service Institute, Project Manager 			                        February 2011 – May 2014

			

		Mr. Sayyad served multiple roles at the Department of State’s Foreign Service Institute growing it from a

		six-person project when he first joined to 33 staff members at its peak.  While serving as the Project

		Manager, Mr. Sayyad also served as the Senior Systems/Data Architect for the modernization of a mission

		critical system named the Student Training Management System (STMS).  FSI offers more than 600 courses,

		including approximately 70 foreign languages, as well as leadership tradecraft, information technology,

		and certain area studies.  There are more than 50,000 enrollees per year from the State Department and

		more than 47 other Government agencies and the military service branches.  The purpose of STMS is to

		serve as the single management tool for all aspects related to training including but not limited to course

		catalog maintenance, code reference maintenance, student registration, approval workflows, reporting

		and generation of official transcripts is handled by the Student Training Management System (STMS). 

		There were five schools within FSI and they each manage their courses (which combined number in the

		within STMS.  Mr. Sayyad was tasked with leading the analysis, design and development effort to

		modernize the current transactional system, reporting outputs (over 600), and external interfaces

		(approximately 40 disparate systems and interfaces).  The current system was a hybrid between a

		commercial off the shelf (COTS) package and custom code.  Mr. Sayyad was also leading the migration of

		legacy data to the new system’s data structure.  

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	.NET Framework 4.0

		•	Entity Framework

		•	ERwin Data Modeler

		•	MS PowerShell

		•	JavaScript

		•	JQuery Framework	

		•	SAP/BO Web Intelligence

		•	SAP/BO Universe Designer

		•	Telerik Controls / Reporting

		•	Team Foundation Server

		•	MS SQL Server DB / T-SQL

		•	XML / XSLT	

		•	Agile Scrum Methodology 

		•	MS Active Directory

		•	SQL Server Integration Services

		•	Internet Information Services 

		•	Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)

		•	Visual Studio Coded UI Tests 

		

		

		Buchanan & Edwards – Mobile Practice, Solution Architect/Practice Lead    December 2010 – March 2011

		

		Mr. Sayyad was serving as the Mobile Practice Lead for Buchanan & Edwards in addition to the existing

		project responsibilities that he had.  Mr. Sayyad’s responsibilities as the Mobile Practice Lead included

		obtaining continual education of mobile computing technologies and being the firm’s subject matter

		expert (SME) as it pertained to solutions requiring a mobile architecture.  Mr. Sayyad designed and

		developed several internal prototypes which have been marketed to several existing and potential clients. 

		Mr. Sayyad was responsible for business capture as it pertains to all of the firm’s mobile related software

		development.  He was instrumental in securing the firm’s first mobile software development contract with

		the Department of State to rebuild the Department of State’s SmartTraveler Mobile Application making it

		cross-platform accessible.  

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	MS SharePoint

		•	Sencha EXT JS

		•	Sencha Touch

		•	XML

		•	MicroStrategy Mobile	

		•	MS SQL Server DB

		•	JavaScript

		•	Aptana Studio 2.0

		•	HTML / HTML 5

		•	PhoneGap	

		•	Google Maps

		•	CSS / CSS3

		•	Web Services

		•	.NET Framework

		•	Ruby

		

		

			Federal Bureau of Investigation, Project Manager 		July 2009 – February 2011   

			      

		Mr. Sayyad served as the Applications Manager to the Department of Justice, Federal Bureau of

		Investigation’s, Investigative Data Warehouse (IDW) Program (now renamed DIVS).  IDW was a mission

		critical web-based enterprise search application with over 12,000 users spread all over the world.  As the

		second most used operational system across the Bureau, IDW provided an interface to a centralized

		repository of over one billion law-enforcement related documents from over 60 different data source

		providers.  Mr. Sayyad was responsible for the design and development of new features as well as ongoing

		operations and maintenance of existing features as it pertains to both software and data engineering

		enhancements.  Mr. Sayyad had a company requirement to implement and maintain CMMI Level II

		artifacts to maintain the firm’s current rating (Level II) while also working to obtain CMMI Level III

		certification.  Several of the major enhancements that have been implemented under Mr. Sayyad’s

		technical guidance includes:  1.) A migration of all system application code from Perl to Java.  1.) A redesign of the user interface to enhance ease of use and intuitiveness.  2.) The implementation of roles based access controls to limit which documents could be accessed by specific groups of users.  3.) The addition of over 14 new data sources through the creation of system to system interfaces.   4.) The design and development of two new custom search applications that leverage specific data sources and implements a combination of both structured and unstructured search in a single query.  5.) The upgrade of several key software components including the Informatica PowerCenter Data Integration Engine and the SAP Data Quality Manager Address Cleansing Engine. Mr. Sayyad’s was also responsible for adhering to internal change management processes and developing detailed project schedules for each work stream approved for execution.  He was also responsible for managing customer expectations in regards to the defined milestones.  Mr. Sayyad oversaw an 18-person technical team organized into two functional areas (software engineering and data engineering).  Mr. Sayyad’s was often involved in the hands-on development and troubleshooting of technical issues as they pertain to both application development using Java, Perl, JavaScript and/or Informatica.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server 

		•	J2EE (Enterprise Services)

		•	Linux Redhat Enterprise

		•	Erwin Data Modeler

		•	MS PowerShell

		•	SAP Data Quality Manager

		•	MS Active Directory

		•	Java Server Faces

		•	Sencha EXT JS	

		•	ESRI ArcGIS Server

		•	ESRI ArcSDE

		•	Windows Server 2008

		•	Subversion

		•	MS SQL Server DB

		•	PL/SQL

		•	Sun Solaris

		•	Hibernate 

		•	Perl	

		•	Informatica PowerCenter

		•	Chiliad Enterprise Search

		•	I2 Analyst Notebook

		•	I2 iBase

		•	SQL Server Integration Services

		•	IIS, Apache, Tomcat

		•	Apache Lucene

		•	Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)

		•	XML / XSD / XSLT

		

		

			Buchanan & Edwards, Connecting The Dots, Solutions Architect 	  May 2010 – August 2010

			              

			While fulfilling his normal client responsibilities, Mr. Sayyad served as the Solutions Architect to design

			and develop an internal company prototype to demonstrate the firm’s capabilities as they pertain to data integration, data management, entity resolution and data visualization.  Mr. Sayyad led a small team of developers in creating scenarios that pose real-life challenges of merging disparate datasets (both heterogeneous and homogenous) while also presenting the data using methods and techniques for processing data quickly.  The purpose was to highlight data linkages across the disparate sources using normal human processing and simple data visualization navigations.  Mr. Sayyad architected a simple yet effective solution to present these techniques by developing a web-based prototypical system which demonstrated features such as Enterprise Search, Entity Resolution, Entity Extraction, and Visualization.  The prototype has been and continues to be demonstrated to both commercial and government organizations in hopes of securing partnerships and new business for the firm.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	HTML

		•	js-graph.it (open source)

		•	Entity Extraction	

		•	JavaScript

		•	Enterprise Search

		•	Link Analysis	

		•	Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)

		•	Entity Resolution

		•	Visualization

		

		

			Booz Allen Hamilton			   January 2001 – June 2009

			

			Federal Protective Service, Associate and Chief Architect 	August 2008 – June 2009  

			  

		Mr. Sayyad served as the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Immigration and Customer

		Enforcement (ICE), Federal Protective Service’s (FPS) Chief Architect for the Risk Assessment Management Program (RAMP). RAMP was developed to assist the FPS Field Inspectors (approximately 1000 users) with performing facility security assessments across the nation using a state-of-art mobile computing device and custom application.  The system will enable inspectors to assess risk to a facility and allow them to recommend countermeasures to reduce risk from the field.  Mr. Sayyad was responsible for leading requirements capture, design, development, and deployment of RAMP to 11 regions across the United States.  Mr. Sayyad’s involvement from the inception was key in developing a detailed project schedule.  It also afforded him the opportunity to screen and hand-select the technical implementation team.  Mr. Sayyad organized and led a 25 person technical team into five functional areas which he was responsible to oversee.  The five functional teams included the enterprise application team, client application team, data management team, data integration team and the infrastructure team.  Mr. Sayyad facilitated regular meetings with the DHS ICE Enterprise Architecture Group to ensure adherence to ICE Enterprise Software and Data Standards.  As a result of the project’s adherence to CMM Level III, Mr. Sayyad led the effort to document six key deliverables which included the System Workload Analysis Document, Data Migration Plan, Interface Control Agreement, Data Management Plan, System Design Document, and the Deployment Plan.  Mr. Sayyad successfully navigated the implementation team through several required Government Review Gates including the Requirements Review, Preliminary Design Review and the Final Design Review. 

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	WebSphere Application Server

		•	WebSphere Portal 

		•	WebSphere Process Server

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server

		•	J2EE (Enterprise Services)

		•	Linux Redhat Enterprise

		•	Computer Associates ERwin

		•	IBM BigFix

		•	Java Server Faces	

		•	Oracle Express Database

		•	Oracle Lite (Synchronization)

		•	ESRI ArcGIS Server

		•	ESRI ArcSDE

		•	PL/SQL (Audit Triggers)

		•	Windows Server

		•	Subversion

		•	Panasonic Toughbook CF-19

		•	Hibernate	

		•	Oracle Business Intelligence

		•	Informatica PowerCenter

		•	MS Active Directory

		•	FAST ESP

		•	.NET Framework 

		•	Windows XP Tablet

		•	Enterprise Architect

		•	Quest Data Factory

		•	Eclipse/ IBM WID

		

		

			Federal Bureau of Investigations, Associate and Deputy Project Manager 	June 2008 – August 2008   

		

		Mr. Sayyad supported the Department of Justice (DOJ), Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Clearance

		Processing System (CPS) as the deputy project manager. The 45-person engineering team was divided into multiple work streams, all adhering to parallel system development lifecycles. CPS is a workflow management system designed to improve the overall processing of an individual’s clearance by automating manual processes. The system also provides analytical capabilities that assist managers in measuring various metrics. Mr. Sayyad oversaw the capture of system requirements for five distinct work streams while leading the documentation effort to detail the design and interface controls to external systems which interact with CPS. Mr. Sayyad also supported the technical work stream leads and database designers as a senior technical advisor. His role was to facilitate thought leadership and peer review design, prototype and artifact development.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	WebSphere Application Server

		•	Oracle Enterprise Database

		•	Oracle SQL Loader	

		•	Metastorm 

		•	Oracle PL/SQL

		•	TOAD	

		•	Crystal Reports 

		•	Java•

			

		

			Department of Justice, Associate and Advisor to the CTO 	April 2008 – June 2008

		

		Mr. Sayyad served as a sole advisor to the Department of Justice’s CTO regarding an information sharing

		program named OneDOJ.  OneDOJ is the Department’s production system which provides each of its sharing partners (data providers) with access to a pool of federal, state, and local law enforcement data.  Data is searched in both centralized and distributed data repositories through a single search interface using a Service Oriented Architecture.  As one of the original system architects, Mr. Sayyad was able to provide the DOJ with valuable input and recommendations regarding the interface, enterprise search component, as well as other analysis components such linkages and geospatial analysis.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server

		•	Oracle Text	

		•	Informatica PowerCenter

		•	i2 Analyst Notebook iXv	

		•	iMapData

		•	Autonomy IDOL Server

		

		

			Department of Justice, Associate and Solution Architect 	April 2007 – April 2008

			

		Mr. Sayyad served as the Lead System Architect for the Department of Justice’s (DoJ) Rent Management

		System (DRMS) Data Warehouse (DW) initiative.  The DRMS DW is the DOJ’s tool for analyzing facilities, budgets, and billing information across the entire department.  Reports produced from the system are used to facilitate day to day operations while others are presented to congress.  As the lead architect, Mr. Sayyad was responsible for gathering and documenting system and user report requirements as well as a comprehensive system design document.  Mr. Sayyad was also responsible for recommending a scalable hardware and software architecture. He led the effort to design and implement a robust analysis and reporting data architecture.  Mr. Sayyad designed a web-based reporting interface that will enable users to access managed reports and an Ad-Hoc Reporting Tool that employs Business Objects Web Intelligence product through the DOJ’s private intranet - Justice Connect (JCON).  In addition, Mr. Sayyad implemented software configuration management using Subversion (SVN) to assist with versioning deliverables, artifacts and enhancing overall software quality assurance.  The technologies which encompass the solution include Oracle 9i, SQL Server 2005, Informatica PowerCenter, and Business Objects.  In addition to serving as a technical engineer, Mr. Sayyad also served as the liaison to the client requiring him to prepare and present weekly status reports to the client, reflect progress within the DRMS Project Plan, identify project risk, and identify solutions to mitigate risk accordingly.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server

		•	SQL Server Enterprise DB

		•	ERwin Data Modeler

		•	SQL Developer	

		•	Informatica PowerCenter 

		•	SAP/BO Web Intelligence

		•	Subversion

		•	TOAD	

		•	Informatica Client Tools 

		•	SAP/BO Universe Designer

		•	Windows Server

		•	Oracle PL/SQL

		

		

			Office of National Drug Control Policy, Data Warehousing Architect 	September 2006 – March 2007

			

		Mr. Sayyad worked on an initiative for the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy.  He served

		on the Anti-Drug Network (ADNET) Global Threat Information Sharing Initiative (GTISI) as the Senior Data Warehousing Architect.  GTISI consolidates drug seizure, drug treatment, and drug workplace testing data from a variety of federal and international data sources.  The purpose of integrating the data is to assist The White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) in analyzing drug trends and effects of policies on the nation.  GTISI is designed to facilitate Online Analytical Processing (OLAP) as well as provide access to regularly executed managed reports on an Oracle 9i platform.  Mr. Sayyad led the data modeling to ensure that key subject areas supported report initiatives.  Mr. Sayyad also facilitated a vendor/product evaluation of data integration platforms including Informatica PowerCenter, Business Objects Data Integrator, and Embarcadero’s DT Studio.  

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	SAP/BO Data Integrator

		•	Informatica PowerCenter

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server	

		•	SAP/BO Web Intelligence

		•	Data Transformation Services

		•	Structured Query Language 	

		•	ERwin Data Modeler

		•	SQL Developer

		•	Dimensional Modeling

		

		

			Jordanian Financial Intelligence Unit, Associate and Systems Engineer 	   May 2006 – May 2006

		

		Mr. Sayyad served as the senior systems engineer on an information technology needs assessment for the

		country of Jordan’s future Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU). Mr. Sayyad’s responsibilities were to meet with the Central Bank of Jordan client and various stakeholders (e.g. Customs, Tax Revenue, Securities Depository and Commercial Banks) in order to derive system requirements and to assess current system infrastructure that could be leveraged by the FIU. The purpose of the FIU is to combat the global problem of money laundering and to assist in counter-terrorism efforts using advanced analytical capabilities such as business intelligence and link analysis. Mr. Sayyad authored a 40 page technical report capturing requirements and proposing a system architecture that would integrate data from the primary government organizations as well commercial entities. The report detailed the system architecture components including the data, security, software and hardware.  It also included a bill of materials and proposed project plan necessary for implementation.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Enterprise Search

		•	Extract Transform and Load	

		•	Link Analysis

		•	Enterprise Information Integration	

		•	Business Intelligence

		•	Relational DB Management

		

		

			Federal Bureau of Investigation, Associate and Systems Architect 	October 2004 – June 2007

		

		Mr. Sayyad served as a Senior System Architect on the Department of Justice (DOJ), Federal Bureau of

		Investigation’s (FBI) Regional Data Exchange (R-DEx) project. The purpose of R-DEx was to facilitate information sharing between Federal and State/local law enforcement agencies. R-DEx, a web based information sharing tool provides users with search, link analysis, and geospatial analysis capabilities. R-DEx integrates both structured and unstructured data while leveraging various data management capabilities such as entity extraction, entity resolution, and standardization. Mr. Sayyad led the design, development, testing and deployment of the R-DEx system from its inception to production within five months. Mr. Sayyad designed an XML data standard that enables participating data providers to submit their data in a DOJ/DHS compliant format based on the National Information Exchange Model (NIEM).  Mr. Sayyad also contributed to the development of a standard that facilitates federated searches to external participating partners using a Service Oriented Architecture (SOA).

		

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server 

		•	Oracle Text (Search)

		•	Digital Information Gateway 

		•	Sun Solaris

		•	XML, XSD

		•	LEXS / NIEM	

		•	Informatica PowerCenter

		•	Plumtree Portal

		•	iMapData

		•	Inxight (Entity Extraction)

		•	Windows Server

		•	Visual Analytics VisuaLinks	

		•	Informatica Client Tools 

		•	Oracle PL/SQL

		•	Java

		•	.NET / C#

		•	Web Services

		•	ERwin Data Modeler

		

		

			United States Secret Service, Senior Consultant and Solution Architect 	October 2003 – October 2004

		

		Mr. Sayyad was involved in all phases of the system development life cycle to redesign a system-to-system

		data interface (PRISM-ID Interface II) for the United States Secret Service (USSS). The source data resided in an Oracle RDBMS while the target system was a CA IDMS Mainframe. As the system architect, Mr. Sayyad facilitated requirements gathering sessions with clients and led the detailed design of the interface.   In addition to serving as the technical lead for all data integration related tasks. The USSS enterprise data integration platform leveraged by the USSS was Informatica PowerCenter. Mr. Sayyad implemented a near real-time component to push data from the PRISM transactional system to a staging area.  Data was then cleansed, standardized, and queued for batch migration to the Mainframe.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server 

		•	Sun Solaris

		•	IDMS Mainframe

		•	File Transfer Protocol (FTP)	

		•	Informatica PowerCenter

		•	WebSphere Portal

		•	Shell Scripting

		•	Simple Mail Transfer Protocol	

		•	Informatica Client Tools 

		•	Oracle PL/SQL

		•	Java

		

		

			Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Senior Consultant and DBA      January 2003 – October 2003

		

		Mr. Sayyad worked with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services on the effort to build a mirror site

		for the Next Generation Desktop (NGD).  The mirror site will be a completely replicated system used for reporting and failover purposes.  NGD utilizes Oracle database technology to store its data and the replication of the NGD system will be performed using Oracle’s Advanced Replication tool.  Mr. Sayyad served as a DBA on the task and was responsible for the installation, configuration, and execution of the Oracle Advanced Replication Functionality.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise Database

		•	Sun Solaris	

		•	Oracle Advanced Replication

		•	Oracle Scripting	

		•	ERwin Data Modeler

		•	Oracle 

		

		

			United States Army, Senior Consultant and Data Warehouse Architect     	   January 2002 – December 2003

		

		Mr. Sayyad led the eCYBERMISSION Reporting Module Project.  eCYBERMISSION is an online “Science-Fair

		Competition” created by the United States Army to foster education among children in the areas of math and science.  The eCYBERMISSION Reporting Module is a web-based ad-hoc reporting tool used to query the eCYBERMISSION data while eliminating any impact such as performance degradation to the transactional system.  Mr. Sayyad led the requirements gathering sessions with the end users.  He was also responsible for designing and implementing the dimensional data model that supported reporting.  Mr. Sayyad led the development of the ETL procedures that loaded data into the separate reporting database.  The tool used for the data integration was Microsoft Data Transformation Services (DTS). Mr. Sayyad participated in the testing of software and led the deployment of the reporting module to production.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	SQL Server Enterprise DB 

		•	Brio (Oracle Hyperion)

		•	Windows Server	

		•	Structured Query Language

		•	VB Script

		•	Dimensional Modeling 	

		•	Data Transformation Services

		•	ERwin Data Modeler

		•	TOAD

		

		

			United States Forest Service, Senior Consultant and ETL Developer 	         May 2002 – February 2004

		

		Mr. Sayyad served as an Extraction Transformation and Loading Developer on the National Fire Plan

		Operations and Reporting System (NFPORS) Dashboard Project involving the joint efforts of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service and the United States Department of Interior (DOI).  The NFPORS Dashboard integrates data from five disparate sources that include Shared Application Computer System (SACS), BLM-1202, NIFMID, Fish and Wildlife Management Information System (FMIS) and the National Fire Plan Operations Reporting System (NFPORS) Data Collection Tool.  Mr. Sayyad built several data marts, which were used to report to congress on a variety of topics including Fire Occurrence, Hazardous Fuels Reduction and Financials.  The target relational database management system (RDBMS) was Oracle 9i Release 2 and the data integration was developed using a combination of Oracle Warehouse Builder and Microsoft Data Transformation Services.  Mr. Sayyad was involved in all phases of the life cycle including design, development, testing and deployment.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise Database Server

		•	Brio (Acquired by Oracle/Hyperion)	

		•	Oracle Warehouse Builder

		•	Microsoft Data Transformation Services

		

		

		United States Army, Senior Consultant and Oracle Database Administrator January 2002 – September 2002

		

		Mr. Sayyad served as the Oracle 8i Database Administrator for the United States Army Online Science Fair

		Project, eCYBERMISSION.  He was responsible for designing, developing and documenting the procedures related to the installation, configuration and maintenance of the eCYBERMISSION database.  The framework used to develop the front-end web application was Cold Fusion 5.0.  Mr. Sayyad was responsible for providing the front-end developers with Database objects such as views, sequences, and stored procedures.  Mr. Sayyad was also responsible for performance tuning the SQL Some of the maintenance tasks performed on this project include table modifications, conducting DB sizing analysis, and automating a backup strategy using batch scripts and Oracle tools.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server

		•	Structured Query Language

		•	Windows Server 	

		•	Oracle PL/SQL

		•	TOAD

		•	Erwin Data Modeler	

		•	Cold Fusion

		•	Batch Scripting

		

		

			PledgeFirst Non-Profit, Senior Consultant and ETL Developer	  June 2002 – September 2002

		

		Mr. Sayyad assisted the PledgeFirst (Non-Profit Charity Donation Tracking System) project team with

		adding functionality enhancements to the Microsoft Data Transformation Services (DTS) packages used to extract and load data from one database to another.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Microsoft SQL Server Enterprise Database	

		•	Microsoft Data Transformation Services

		

		

			United States Air Force, Senior Consultant and ETL Developer 	April 2002 – June 2003

		

		Mr. Sayyad was the ETL Technical Lead for the Air Force Military Command (AFMC).  The project entailed

		developing an ETL process that loaded data from several disparate sources on a bi-monthly basis to consolidate human resource history information and assist in the calculation of retirement probabilities.  The sources included Flat Files, Oracle, Sybase and Microsoft Access.  The software utilized to perform the data integration was Informatica PowerMart.  Microsoft Data Transformation Services (DTS) was also used for the loading of some less complex transformations.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server

		•	Informatica PowerMart

		•	.NET Framework 1.1	

		•	Sybase DB

		•	SAP/BO Web Intelligence

		•	IIS Web Server	

		•	Microsoft Access

		•	Data Transformation Services

		•	Windows Server NT/2003

		

		

			Department of Interior, Senior Consultant and ETL Development Lead 	August 2001 – April 2002

		

		Mr. Sayyad was the Extraction Transformation Loading (ETL) developer for the U.S. Department of Interior

		(DOI), National Fire Plan (NFP) Reporting Prototype.  The NFP Reporting Tool Data Mart consisted of several disparate sources centralized in one location to provide the ability to report on Fire Suppression Data, Preparedness, Community Assistance Programs, and Funding utilizing an easy to use interface.  Mr. Sayyad assisted with the data modeling task which integrated the multiple systems into one logical model.   Sources included mainframe data dumped to a flat file, spreadsheets, and several databases including Oracle and MS SQL Server 2000.  The data was integrated using the Informatica ETL Tool.  Mr. Sayyad was the lead ETL developer while taking part in many of the database administration tasks related to Oracle.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server

		•	Informatica PowerCenter 	

		•	Brio (Now Oracle Hyperion)

		•	SQL Server Enterprise DB	

		•	ERwin Data Modeler

		•	TOAD

		

		

			Department of Agriculture, Senior Consultant and ETL Development Lead 	August 2001 – April 2002

		

		Mr. Sayyad was the Extraction Transformation Loading (ETL) developer for the U.S. Department of

		Agriculture (USDA), Forest Service Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) project.  The initial phase of the EDW is the development of a pilot data mart to support the National Fire Plan (NFP).  The NFP Data Mart was implemented utilizing an Oracle 8.1.6 database residing on an UNIX AIX server.  The NFP DataMart has source data originating from both an ASCII text flat file as well as a transactional system utilizing Microsoft SQL Server 2000.  Data integration services were developed using Informatica PowerMart Integration Tool.  As the ETL Developer, Mr. Sayyad was responsible for many of the aspects related to development.  This included the creation of a simulated production environment with the exception of a Microsoft NT server used to behave as the production UNIX AIX server.  Mr. Sayyad was in charge of translating the business logic into ETL tool specific logic.  Other responsibilities included modifying the data model as necessary to compensate for requirement changes.  Data models were developed using the ERwin Data Modeling Tool.  In addition, Mr. Sayyad was responsible for unit testing his deliverables and migrating development assets to production.  Finally, Mr. Sayyad performed data reconciliation on the source and target systems to insure that no data was lost during the ETL process.  Reconciliation was conducted using Structured Query Language (SQL) against the each database management system (SQL Server and Oracle).  Due to nature of each system design, Mr. Sayyad had to take into consideration the differences of the data models in order to correctly extract record counts and dollar sums.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server

		•	Structured Query Language

		•	Microsoft NT Server	

		•	Brio (Now Oracle Hyperion)

		•	SQL Server Enterprise DB

		•	Unix AIX Server	

		•	ERwin Data Modeler

		•	TOAD

		•	Informatica PowerMart

		

		

			OneSoft Corporation 			September 2000 – January 2001

			

			OneSoft Corporation, ETL Developer/SQL Server DBA 	September 2000 – January 2001  

			  

		As a consultant for OneSoft Corporation, Mr. Sayyad was part of product development team which was

		developing an analytical tool used to analyze the web traffic of web sites.  Specifically, Mr. Sayyad was responsible for developing a customized Extraction Transformation and Loading (ETL) process to load an Analytical Data WebHouse.  The data was housed in a Microsoft SQL Server 2000 database which resided on a Microsoft Windows 2000 Server operating system.  ETL development was conducted using Visual Basic.  Active Data Objects (ADO) was used to connect to separate SQL Server 2000 databases.  The source database contained web logs while the target database contained the Analytical WebHouse represented as a dimensional model.  Mr. Sayyad developed a front-end interface for the maintenance of the Data Webhouse dimensions using Active Server Pages and HTML.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	SQL Server Enterprise DB 

		•	Microsoft Visual Basic

		•	ADO	

		•	Active Server Pages

		•	HTML

		•	Python Scripting	

		•	MicroStrategy Web

		•	Internet Information Services

		•	Windows Server

		

		

			American Management Systems (now CGI)			February 1999 – September 2000

		

			Internal Revenue Service, Oracle Forms Developer and DBA 	May 1999 – September 2000

			

		As a consultant for American Management Systems, Mr. Sayyad served as an Oracle Database

		Developer/Administrator on team supporting the Department of the Treasury, Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  Mr. Sayyad was responsible for a variety of tasks related to the IRS Budget Formulation System/Plan Development System (BFS/PDS).  BFS/PDS handles the annual budget load of billions of dollars from to the Automated Financial System (AFS), which is the financial system of the IRS.  BFS/PDS is housed in an Oracle 7.3.4 database, which resided on an E450 Sun Solaris operating system.  Specifically, Mr. Sayyad was responsible for the development of enhancements to BFS/PDS using Oracle Forms.  In addition, he was responsible for modifying BFS/PDS Server processes utilizing the Oracle Pro*C language and UNIX Shell Scripting.  Mr. Sayyad was also the database administrator and responsible for creating a test environment to be used for various purposes by the client organization.  As a result of the project’s adherence to CMMI Level II, all deliverables were developed using repeatable processes and techniques.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server

		•	Sun Solaris

		•	UNIX Shell Scripting	

		•	Oracle Pro*C

		•	SQL*Plus

		•	Structured Query Language 	

		•	Oracle Reports

		•	Oracle Forms

		•	Telnet / FTP

		

		

			Department of Treasury, Consultant and Systems Analyst 	February 1999 – May 1999

			

		As a consultant for American Management Systems, Mr. Sayyad served as a junior systems analyst

		supporting the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Financial Management Service (FMS).  Mr. Sayyad was responsible for maintaining the accounting system for FMS.  In addition, he supported an upgrade of the Federal Financial System that handled Treasury’s accounting and which resided in a Mainframe environment.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Federal Financial System (predecessor to Momentum)	

		•	UNIX Shell Scripting

		•	vi Editor	

		•	SAS Reporting

		•	Mainframe

		

		

			Dynamic System Solutions, Inc.			 July 1998 – December 1998

		

			Dynamic System Solutions, Inc., Application Developer 	July 1998 – December 1998

			

		As a consultant for Dynamic Systems Solutions, Inc. (DSSI) Mr. Sayyad served as a Crystal Reports developer

		for several government agencies including the Health Care Financial Administration (HCFA) and the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Services division.  Mr. Sayyad was able to gain some experience with WorkFlow and Document Imaging/Management Software such as (Documentrix) by developing an enhancement to it using Visual Basic and Oracle.  Mr. Sayyad also developed conversion software developed in Visual Basic to upgrade the DSSI Enterprise Reporting Tool (FlowMetrix) to a new release.  This software was utilized by several agencies to upgrade their systems.  Finally, Mr. Sayyad assisted in the preparation of several contract proposals.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Oracle Enterprise DB Server

		•	Visual Basic 

		•	Visual Studio	

		•	Crystal Reports

		•	Documentrix	

		•	FlowMetrix

		•	MS Access

		

		

			OAO Corporation (now Lockheed Martin) 			          February 1997 – July 1998

			

			OAO Corporation (now Lockheed Martin), Programmer/Analyst 	February 1997 – July 1998

		

		As a programmer/ analyst for OAO Corporation, Mr. Sayyad served as a Visual Basic developer for the

		Prince George's County Maryland Police Department’s Pawn Tracking System project.  The software was developed using Visual Basic and Microsoft Access.  Mr. Sayyad authored the online help file for the Pawn Tracking System using Help Magician and integrated it into the software.  In addition, Mr. Sayyad was responsible for writing the User Manual for the Pawn Tracking System.  He was able to obtain a strong foundation with relational database management systems (RDBMS) and software development.  Mr. Sayyad’s responsibilities included training users in the operation of the Pawn Tracking System.

		

		Summary of Solution Technologies:

		

		•	Visual Basic 

		•	Help Magician Pro	

		•	Crystal Reports

		•	Structured Query Language	

		•	MS Access

		•	Windows 16-bit Applications

		

		

		

Education

B.S. Decisions and Information Sciences, University of Maryland, College Park, May 1998

B.S. Transportation & Logistics, University of Maryland, College Park, Dec 1998



Other Skills

Management: Career Guidance, Annual Assessment Reviews, Staff Mentoring

Writing: RFP, RFQ, RFI, Statement of Work, Technical Volumes, Technical Whitepapers, Cost Volumes

Language: Ability to understand verbal, translate written, speak, read, and write Arabic





Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Eiad Sayyar	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 16\n
VARSHA PURSWANI

Hyattsville, Maryland (MD) 20783

(301-318-6065)

varsha.purswani@rhsmith.umd.edu https://www/linkedin.com/in/varsha022

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Dec 2016
Master of Science in Information Systems , G.P.A 3.87
Related Coursework: Data Mining and Predictive Analytics, Data Models and Decisions, Business Process Analysis,
Strategic and Transformational IT, Database Management Systems, Digital Business Markets
Shri Govindram Seksaria Institute of Technology and Science, Indore, India
of Engineering in Computer Engineering

May 2012 Bachelor

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Santander Bank, Dorchester, Massachusetts
Jun 2015 – Present
Change Management Analyst Intern
§ Designed and developed a relational database for managing firm wide budget, timeline and approval changes in
projects
§ Analysed datasets to produce metrics like projects approved, purchase orders issued, total budget sanctioned and
estimated time to completion which aided management in efficient decision making.
§ Developed a database application for Change Board Management framework at the bank and performed data
analysis on project status which reduced manual workload by 20%.
§ Gained an understanding of business processes carried out at the bank and management of project changes
throughout the organization and maintained documentation for the same.
SAP Labs India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore, India
Jun 2012 – July 2015
Software Developer
§ Collaborated with customers on business needs and translated them into technical requirements producing a
software requirement specification.
§ Consulted for an Italian client on implementation of SAP Fashion Management Solution (FMS) for critical business
scenarios resulting in smooth launch.
§ Led a start-up company in creating an Supply Chain Management (SCM) analytics application using SAP HANA
database platform.
PROJECTS
Aug 2015 – Dec 2015
§ Database Management Systems : Designed relational database for a virtual client by defining logical model using
Entity Relationship diagram and physical model using SQL
§ Business Process Analysis : Leading a scrum team of five to develop a reporting mobile app demonstrating health
statistics of an individual
§ Firm Analysis (Mapbox) : Gathered information about a start up Mapbox and analysed its business domain,
sources of competitive advantage, industry dynamics and strategic drivers of performance.
§ Google Analytics : Leading a team of four to improve a client’s website and increase its click through rate using
Google Analytics and Google Adwords.
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
University of Maryland
Aug 2015 – Dec 2015
§ Managed marketing of events as a Student Ambassador at The Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center.
§ Volunteered for Kids Enjoy Exercise Now (KEEN) in providing recreational opportunities to a group of 20 children
with physical and mental disabilities.
SGSITS Technical and Cultural Events
May 2011 – Dec 2011
§ Facilitated Office of Career Services in smooth execution of placement process for 500 students
§ Supervised budgeting, script writing and compering of three major events in college’s cultural festival.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
§ Languages: Visual Basic for Applications, R, ABAP, JAVA, C, SQL PHP, HTML, CSS, XML
§ Tools: Tableau, Palisade Tools Excel(Stat Tools, @RISK, Precision Tree, Solver Table), MS Visio, MS
Access, MS Sharepoint, P3(Project, Programme and Portfolio Management) tool, MS Office, Salesforce.com,
Oracle10g ,MySql, SAP HANA, Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Linux

\n
Khalid Shaik 

Khalid.ahmed6@gmail.com

469 – 514 -1799

Dallas-USA



Professional Summary

Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCE in Linux 6) with 7 years of extensive experience as Devops, Weblogic/Jboss and ATG Administrator.

Worked on telecom projects for clients AT&T, T-Mobile, Optus, Tektronix, Vodaphone and Middle East telecom giant Zain

Extensive experience in J2EE application/Components, Java, WebLogic 9.2/10.0 Application server, Jboss 6.x , Webserver,Jenkins, Bamboo, Iplanet, Apache,Dynatrace, Endeca ,ATG, Docker and Kubernettes, Microsoft IIS, Chef, Shell scripting, WLST, Jconsole, ANT script, Source code Repositories like subversion (SVN) and VMware.

Extensive experience in Installing, Configuring, Tuning and troubleshooting of Weblogic Server 9.2, 10.x,11g and 12c in various environments

Installation, configuration, Monitoring and trouble shooting of tomcat.

Scheduled and Adhoc code deployments in tomcat Application server

Creating Identity cert for tomcat and importing  certs in java keystore.

Extensive experience in Installing, Configuring, Tuning and troubleshooting of  Jboss6.x in various environments

Expertise in the Administration, Installing, Configuring Web Servers like Apache 2.0 and Sun one webserver

Proficient in shell scripting  and developed scripts for restart, startup, deployments, diskspcae and application monitoring

Hands on Experience in SSL certs creation, import and SSL protocols.

Hands on experience in creating Chef recipes, Env setup and configuration automation, and do an overall process improvement to any manual process

Extensive experience in creating build and deployments job in jenkins and bamboo, assigning post/pre build/deployment steps to jenkins jobs

Automating jobs for scheduled deployment of EAR, WAR and JAR Files

Managing and Monitoring the JVM performance by WebLogic/Jboss Heap Size, garbage collection, JDBC Pools and taking thread dumps

Configured and administered JDBC Connection pools, JMS Connection Factories, WebLogic queues and topics and implemented other services like JTA, JNDI, Virtual Hosting.

Extensive Experience of ATG BCC agents creation, project deployment and sanpshot initialisation

Extensive experience in dynatrace installation, configuration and dashboard creation for various performance monitors

Hands on experience in docker containers build/deployments and configuration.

Hands on experience in Kubernetes build/deployment and managing kubernettes containers.

Performance tuning, troubleshooting and logs monitoring of Kubernetes and dockers.

Nagios setup, configuration and enabling services to monitor various performance aspects like cpu, load and memory

Hands on experience in implementation of HA proxy and load balancing.

SCM admin related tasks like branch lock, unlock, creation, deletion, trunk tagging and merging and  configuration file committing

Co-ordinating with various teams to resolve issues related to network and codes, and enhancing availablity and performance of environment



Technical Skills

Hardware

Sunfire v480, Sun T2000, Sun Blade T6320, 14U and G10 probes (Linux platform), OSS 5.1 and 5.2 SERVER, 8660 Tellabs.

Operating Systems

		Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6, Oracle-Sun Solaris 10, Windows NT and 2000 Professional.

Languages

C, C++, JAVA, HTML, XML.

Databases

Oracle 9i/11g, SQL, PLSQL.

GUI

Jconsole, Dynatrace

Case Tools



Web Related

Apache 2.0, iplanet 6.1/7.0, Haproxy

Tools & Utilities

Nagios, Jenkins, Bamboo, Git tortoise, Svn eclipse Galileo

Domain Knowledge

WebLogic 10.0, Jboss6.x, Unix, Solaris, ATG, Endeca, Docker kubernettes and AEM





Education, Training & Certification

Bachelor of Engineering in ECE from Osmania University

Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCE  in Linux 6)

ORACLE-SUN  SOLARIS  Administration 10 from Wilshire ( 5 Weeks )



Professional Experience



Client: AT&T, Dallas, TX					July 2014 to Till Date

Role: Senior Devops and Weblogic/ Jboss Administrator 

Project Name: e-strategy 

Roles and Responsibilities

Working in AT&T e-strategy Project for development and support of Application, Build and Deployment.

	Configuring and administering any new interface introduce in project like Dmaap, OpenDeploy and Connect Direct.

Installation, configuration, Monitoring and trouble shooting of tomcat server.

Scheduled and Adhoc code deployments in tomcat Application server

Creating Identity cert for tomcat and importing  certs in java keystore

	Troubleshooting and performance tuning of Jboss, WebLogic and network interfaces.

	Docker containers build and deployment via jenkins and  logs monitoring.

	Performance tuning and configuation of containers and kubernettes.

	Creating and editing shell scripts for micro services deployments and monitoring

	K8s build and deployment via jenkins, Restarting nods and configuring replicas

	Adding and Editing Env properties file in Git for microservices and assigning commit permission to individuals and teams

	Editing yaml file and doing manual deployment in kubernettes for any adhoc emergency 

	Monitoring logs , restarting , editing yaml file through k8s console

	Setup and configuring Build and deployment jobs in Jenkins and bamboo to deploy EAR, WAR and JAR files.

	Co-ordinating with various teams to resolve issues related to network and codes, and enhancing availablity and performance of enviroment.

	Meetings, conference and coordinating in chatrooms for build, deployment, configuration and network issues

	Jconsole Setup, HF scripts implementation for performance monitor of CPU, memory, load and network.

	Nagios setup and configuration of various services to monitor cpu, memory and java application

	Chef setup and implementation for Environment setup, Apache and configuration automation.

	Dynatrace configuration to monitor performance parameters of Jboss and WebLogic , and dashboard creation with different charts.

	SCM admin related tasks like branch lock, unlock, creation, deletion, trunk tagging and merging and configuration file committing.

	Scheduling code build and deployment and assiging post and pre build/deployment steps. 

	Analyzing code bugs and coordinating with dev team to fix code issues and initiating meetings and conference.

	ATG BCC setup and troubleshooting of agents, project deployments and BCC cache invalidation and snapshot initialiazion.

	Endeca setup, web crawling, configuration and troubleshooting. Endeca integration with application.

	Jboss/Weblogic Environment setup, configuation and datasource Creation.

	Configured and administered JDBC Connection pools/Datasources, JMS Connection Factories and other JMS artifacts like JMS Servers, Distributed Queues.webserver setup, configuration and troubleshooting in Jboss6.x/weblogic

	Database management and JDBC connectivitytesting and coordianting with DB team for DB ORA error in weblogic/jboss

	Coherence setup,configuationg and cache invalidation and troubleshooting in weblogic.

	Installed and configured Wily agent, Wily enterprise manager and Introscope Workstation and provide application monitoring and measurement using Wily Introscope.

	Analysis of WebLogic Thread Dumps and Heap Dumps and sending reports to performace team.

	Expertise in migration and up gradation of WebLogic Server and updating JDK versions, applying patches and installing service packs for WebLogic server.

	Expertise in Software Upgradation, Migration and software patch management.

	Extensive hands-on experience in setting up multiple clusters and implementing Load Balancing, High Availability and Failover functionality.

	Unix shell scripting for startup and shutdown of  WebLogic servers/Jboss servers,Disk Space Monitoring and deployment

	Created SSL certificates for Jboss6.x /weblogic and apahce. Importing certificates in java certs by using keytool.

	Environment: UNIX, WebLogic 10.0, Java, Oracle 11g, Jboss, Dynatrace, Eclipse Galileo SVN

	

Client: Beyond Management, Atlanta, GA			April 2013 to April 2014

Role: Devops and Weblogic/ Jboss Administrator

Project Name:Pamedge

Roles and Responsibilities

Pamedge is in house project of Beyond Management that host their web portals.

AEM installation in linux and solaris.

Configuring AEM in author and publish mode

Monitoring process of AEM and Coordinating with publish teams for any defects in page contents.

Programmer Analyst and Support for Beyond’s in-house projects and web portals.

Configure, deploy, test, load-balance and automate the maintenance of J2EE based distributed systems for environments like Dev, UAT and Prod.  

Develop advanced korn shell and Perl scripts for Unix System resource monitoring and job automation

Develop WLST scripts for WebLogic domain creation and JMS/JDBC resource configuration.

Troubleshooting complex Memory, Thread, GC, JDBC, JMS, JNDI related issues. 

Analysis of WebLogic Thread Dumps and Heap Dumps using Eclipse Memory Analyzer.

Design and Development of WebLogic 9.2/10.0 infrastructure in Production and non-production environments.

Installation / Configuration / Administration of Oracle WebLogic 9.2/10.0 on Sun Solaris 10, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.

Installing, configuring and trouble-shooting webservers like Apache2.0 and iPlanet 6.1 SP7 on Sun Solaris and Linux.

Configure WebLogic 9.2/10.0 Domains. Create and manage connection pools, multi-pools and data source objects for JDBC connections. Configure and administer JMS Servers, Connection Factories, Queues and Topics.

Configuring clusters on WebLogic 9.2/10.0 and implementing load balancing and fail over solutions.

Installation of Identity and Trust Certificates and configure 2-way SSL on WebLogic 9.2/10.0

Deployment of ear and war modules on WebLogic 9.2/10.0 in Production and non-production environments.

WebLogic plugin configuration and SSL configuration on iPlanet 6.1 SP7 and Apache 2.0. 

Configure Apache and iPlanet to act as a proxy server and load balancer for backend WebLogic Application Servers  

Creating and configuring clustered WebLogic Server domains providing vertical and horizontal scaling

Configuring and administering Node Manager and Managed Servers in Weblogic 9.2/10

Deploy applications on clustered WebLogic Server instances maintaining Load Balancing and High-Availability

	Environment:Unix, WebLogic 10.0, Java, Oracle 11g, Eclipse Galileo SVN

	

	Client: Huawei ( Zain), India		April 2013 to Aug 2013

	Role:Linux and Weblogic Administrator

	Project Name: GNOC

Roles and Responsibilities

Worked as GNOC engineer in Huawei to support their Global operation.

Daily health check-up of OSS with performance monitoring

Alarm Monitoring and escalation

Installing the packages and enabling the privileges to users

Installing the licenses 

Excellent Skills in TCP/IP, VOIP, SNMP, DNS and DHCP

Develop advanced korn shell and perl scripts for Unix System resource monitoring and job automation

Installation and maintenance of Linux server.

Performance tuning of processor, virtual memory, input output devices, network.

Packages & Patch Management for Linux

Job Scheduling using crontab

Migration of servers and monitoring the performance

Assigning the IP’s and virtual IP’s in the network and monitoring the performance of NIC card.

Good Exposure on Configuring net Services like NFS, NIS, DNS

Installation / Configuration / Administration of Oracle WebLogic 9.2/10.0 on Sun Solaris 10, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.

Enabling ssh, rcp, autonomous ftp and auto fs.

Managing file system and taking backups.

Enabling, Disabling, and restarting the services of Linux & Solaris server.

Installing, configuring and trouble-shooting Webservers like Apache 2.0 and iPlanet 6.1 SP7 on Sun Solaris and Linux 

	Environment:UNIX, WebLogic 10.0, Java, Oracle 11g, Eclipse Galileo SVN



Client:Nokia Siemens Networks, India		Dec 2012 to April 2013

Role: Configuration Engineer

Project Name: GNIC

Roles and Responsibilities

Worked as GNIC engineer in Nokia Siemens Networks to support their Global operation.

Installation and configuration of Oracle WebLogic Server 9.2/10

Developed WLST scripts in Jython for WebLogic 9.2/10 domain administration

Developed WLST scripts in Jython for WebLogic 9.2/10 JMS / JDBC configuration and monitoring

Creating and configuring clustered WebLogic Server domains providing vertical and horizontal scaling

Configuring and administering Node Manager and Managed Servers in WebLogic 9.2/10

Deploy applications on clustered WebLogic Server instances maintaining Load Balancing and High-Availability

Extensively involved in Performance tuning like tuning of threads, memory, GC in WebLogic 9.2/10

Troubleshooting complex Memory, Thread, GC, JDBC, JMS, JNDI related issues

Analysis of WebLogic Thread Dumps using tools Configured and administered connection pools, multi-pools and data source objects for JDBC connections

Configure and administer JMS Servers, Connection Factories, Queues and Topics in WebLogic 9.2/10

Command line administration of WebLogic 9.2/10 using WebLogic admin

Install, configure and administer Apache 2.0

Configured Apache to act as a proxy server and load balancer for backend WebLogic /Jboss Application Servers  

Installation, configuration, and administration of Sun iPlanet 6.1/7.0

Daily job executions in Production Servers, on call support for production

Attending ERT Calls for Production Issues

Monitoring Health of WebLogic Servers in Production using tools like Introscope

Production shell and Perl Scripts Development / Enhancement.

Develop WebLogic Start and Stop Scripts.

WebLogic log archival and Apache log archival in Production.

Assist testing efforts with the client and Weblogic issues follow up to closure.

Configure and maintain LAMP Stack, trouble shoot Linux / Apache related issues.

Provide technical escalation for Development / UAT / Staging Environments.

Requirement gathering for WebLogic migration in Production / UAT / Staging Environments.

Migration impact analysis and report generation.

Troubleshoot Solaris / Linux related issues like High CPU, Memory Utilization and Filesystem full.

Monitor Solaris / Linux process statistics and take action for processes that exceeds threshold.

Configured clustering for EJB objects, JDBC connections and JMS connection factories.

	Environment:UNIX, WebLogic 10.0, Java, Oracle 11g, Eclipse Galileo SVN





Client: Sasken Networks Eng Limited, India 		Jan 2010 – June 2012

Role: Weblogic Administrator 

Project Name: GNIC

Roles and Responsibilities

Worked as Technical Support Engineer for supporting their clients and troubleshooting raised tkts.

Installation and configuration of Oracle WebLogic Server in Non-Production environments like Quality Assurance (QA).

Creating and configuring clustered WebLogic Server domains.

Configuring and administering Node Manager and Managed Servers in WebLogic 10.0

Deploy applications on clustered WebLogic Server instances maintaining Load Balancing and High-Availability

Extensively involved in Performance tuning like tuning of threads, memory, GC in WebLogic 10.0

Troubleshooting complex Memory, Thread, GC, JDBC, JMS, JNDI related issues

Thread Dump and Heap Dump generation and analysis.

Configured and administered connection pools, multi-pools and data source objects for JDBC connections

Configure and administer JMS Servers, Connection Factories, Queues and Topics in WebLogic 10.0

Command line administration of WebLogic 10.0 using WebLogic admin

Daily task involves running builds and code deployments on testing Quality Assurance environments.

Assist production release deployments.

Tune-up WebLogic Start and Stop Scripts.

WebLogic log archival in Production.

Assist testing efforts with the client and Weblogic issues follow up to closure.

Provide technical escalation for Development / QA / Staging Environments.

Troubleshoot Solaris / Linux related issues like High CPU, Memory Utilization and File System full.

Monitor Solaris process statistics and take action for processes that exceeds threshold.

Configuring and using Wily Introscope for weblogic health monitoring.

Job Scheduling & Understanding Shell Scripting

Trouble shooting Veritas File Systems (VxVS) mount point issues.

	Environment:UNIX, WebLogic 10.0, Java, Oracle 11g, Eclipse Galileo SVN\n
DAVID J. HARRIS
878 Oak Street, Slidell, LA 70458

(504) 920-3283

i.am.dave.harris@gmail.com

SUMMARY
Over 24 years of experience in business process analysis and information systems integration in direct
support of Navy pay and personnel systems administration at both field and corporate levels. A proven
record of increasing accuracy and efficiency through technology insertion. An experienced business systems
analyst and navy pay and personnel program manager with exceptional organizational, administrative and
technical skills.

EXPERIENCE / QUALIFICATION
 Accomplished business and technology professional with vast experience in Navy human
resource systems and navy pay and personnel policy and administration.
 Conducted requirements gathering, decomposition and refinement for Navy Standard Integrated
Personnel System (NSIPS) implemented under PeopleSoft HRMS 9.01 and Oracle 11g.
 Determined requirements to establish multiple interfaces including flat files and web services.
 Excellent business writing skills; produced functional requirements documents, system
requirements specifications, report specifications, requirements traceability matrices, interface
control documents, process flow charts, story boards, job performance aids and business rules.
 Sound knowledge and experience with use case reviews, fit-gap analysis, functional design and
business process re-engineering.
 Familiar with industry standard design methodologies including agile (Scrum and Rational
Unified Process) as well as sequential (waterfall model).
 Proficient with all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle for systems maintenance as
well as all major engineering events for new system development and implementation.
 Exceptional written and verbal communication skills.
 Conducted live product demonstrations with stakeholders, application field testers and end users.
 Advanced MS Office user, proficient in Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Visio
and Outlook. Performed data extraction translation and load (ETL) by creating complex macros
and queries, utilizing functions, formulas and expressions to create and format outputs including,
reports, pivot tables, charts and graphs.
 Adept user of PeopleSoft, Serena Dimensions, HP Quality Center, SAP Business Objects,
Benthic Golden and Toad for Oracle.
 Experienced with Relational Database Management Systems including basic application of
SQL.
 Participated in application unit testing and system testing.
PROFESSIONAL HISTORY
Consultant, NSIPS, Paradyme Management Inc.
Space and Naval Warfare System Center, Atlantic, New Orleans, LA

August 2014 - Present

Functional Lead for Retirements and Separations Task Order. Responsible for a team of four analysts in the
accomplishment of requirements gathering and decomposition. Facilitated collaboration between Oracle
functional consulting team and the Navy Personnel Command’s Better Business Transformation Office.
Provided technical and functional support to the government project manager including contract deliverables
required to support major engineering events critical to the project life cycle.
Senior Business Systems Analyst, NSIPS, Lockheed Martin
Space and Naval Warfare System Center, Atlantic, New Orleans, LA

2010 - 2014

Concurrently drove multiple work streams as the functional lead for the development of three major
subsystems implemented as business process initiatives for enhancement of the Navy Standard Integrated
Personnel System (NSIPS) including a financial management system for obligations and expenditures

DAVID J. HARRIS
Active Duty Navy Employment (1990 – 2010)

related to worldwide personnel distribution and assignment. Also worked on maintenance for existing
components of the core product and its subsystems. Supported the Navy Program Management Office
with all major engineering events including; preliminary design review, critical design review,
application system testing, application field testing and production readiness review. Collaborated and
coordinated efforts between analysts, developers and testers ensuring project milestones were met and
government and contractor project managers were informed of project status. Trained three junior analysts to
perform requirements decomposition and documentation. Assisted the Requirements Manager with training,
resume reviews, panel interviews and Rough Orders of Magnitude.
Reserve Operations Support, Manpower and Budget Analyst
Commander, U.S. Pacific Fleet, Pearl Harbor, HI

2006 - 2010

Defined business solution and developed the implementation plan for incorporating reserve personnel and
job assignment data into the combatant commander’s Collaboration at Sea (CAS) system. Developed an
ETL process to export data from the reserve headquarters legacy system and upload into the CAS system.
Also utilized multiple Navy human resource and budget systems to mine data and conduct analysis critical to
resource management. Produced and presented executive summary briefs to a panel of flag officers and
Senior Executive Service (SES) personnel. Developed and managed $20 million annual reserve personnel
budget. Provided cost benefit analysis and variance models crucial to optimal utilization of resources.
Directly supervised one person and provided remote oversight of 14 field activity budget managers.
Military Manpower and Personnel Department Director
Navy Operational Support Center, San Diego, CA

2003 - 2006

Directed personnel distribution and assignments for over 2,800 reserve personnel assigned to 103 units in
Southern California at the Navy’s largest reserve activity. Managed a staff of nine personnel clerks and
supervisors in reserve pay and personnel programs administration conducted using PeopleSoft NSIPS.
Performed NSIPS Access Manager (NAM) functions and reviewed and approved workflow items related to
multiple facets of reserve pay and personnel transactions. Developed a MS Access database application to
generate personnel assignment orders utilizing data imported from a legacy system.
Personnel Officer
USS AVENGER, Ingleside, TX

2001 - 2003

Served as Personnel Officer and Navigation and Administration Department Leading Chief Petty Officer.
Supervised eight personnel including administrative, medical and navigation staff. Used PeopleSoft NISPS
to manage pay, personnel and benefits for a diverse crew. Also served as Educational Services Officer and
Career Information Programs Advisor. Maintained ships personnel qualification database.
Reserve Pay and Personnel Program Manager
Navy Reserve Center, Saint Petersburg, FL

1998 - 2001

Provided Reserve Pay and Personnel Administration using PeopleSoft NSIPS. Transitioned the legacy
Reserve Standard Training, Administration and Readiness Support (RSTARS) system to PeopleSoft NSIPS
client server version. Ensured all reserve pay and personnel data successfully migrated from the legacy
system to NSIPS. Developed a MS Access database application to track advancement exam eligibility
requirements, inventory control of navy wide examinations and produce outputs including multiple reports.
Previous work experience also includes: Business Process Reengineering Analyst for Navy Reserve
Personnel Center, New Orleans, LA; and Military Personnel Clerk for Personnel Support Detachment, Naval
Air Station, New Orleans, LA and USS MEYERKORD.

DAVID J. HARRIS
EDUCATION
- Bachelors of Science, Liberal Arts, Excelsior College, December 2013, (3.77 GPA)
with depths in Communications and Administrative Management
- Associates in Applied Sciences, Administrative Management, Excelsior College, March 2009
- Navy Career Information Program Advisor (Navy Counselor), Norfolk, VA, 4 weeks
- Navy Basic Instructor and Curriculum Development, San Diego, CA, 3 weeks
- Equal Employment Opportunity Manger, Pearl Harbor, HI, 1 week
- Navy Personnelman Class “A” School (Navy Occupational Specialty), Meridian, MS, 6 weeks
- Microsoft Access, Excel, Word and PowerPoint levels 1 - 3, New Horizons, Tampa, FL

\n
Colin John Campbell

	1027 Stoneshead Ct                                                                                                                                                          Home (818) 384-8690

	Westlake Village, CA 91361                                                                                                                                       Email: cjc03@yahoo.com 

	Effectively manages people while building teams that are technically excellent, productive and efficient. Experienced in solving complicated technology and business challenges. Always completing projects to a high level of quality; on time; within budget and to the satisfaction of clients. Successfully directed I.T. departments with multi-million dollar budgets. Experienced in architecture leadership and oversight. Adroit at developing a strong understanding of client business models; technical challenges; competitive forces and the impact of critical business drivers. A technology visionary and business leader with extensive Enterprise Architecture experience in Relational and NoSQL database environments. 

	

	As a senior Enterprise Data Architect experienced in serving a critical role in the understanding, documentation, maintenance, control, and planning for enterprise data. A subject matter expert in many domains and an expert at performing tasks that contribute to the organization's mission and vision. Daily activities include revising enterprise conceptual, logical, and physical data models; defining approaches to Master Data Management (MDM); architecting ETL solutions for data integration and migration; creating data models that conform to existing standards and conventions; providing leadership and guidance with enterprise data strategies; revising data dictionary definitions, governance practices, and standards; detailed Data Profiling; and partnering with security architects to ensure compliance with data security and privacy mandates. Other areas of expertise include end-to end data lifecycle management activities, evaluating and recommending new and emerging data management and storage technologies and standards, and ensuring consistency between data management, enterprise storage and all other technical system components.                                                                                                              

																Career Achievements

	BIQ Consulting - Westlake Village, CA	May 2015 - Present

	Based in Westlake Village California BIQ Consulting is a privately held Business Intelligence (BI) and Web development company. I am a founding partner of this company I have led a number of hands-on Data Warehouse projects:

	

	Founding Partner/CTO

	Developed a BI Reporting application that supports Warner Bros latest game ‘Injustice 2’ using Tableau dashboards; CloverETL Graphs (workflows); Data Profiling oCreate data models for Star Schema's within an Amazon Redshift AWS environment.

	Designed and implemented an AWS based data architecture for Evisions an educational soft warehouse based in Orange County, California using Pentaho, PostgreSQL and Amazon Redshift.

	Completed assignments working with MongoDB, DocumentDB, Power BI, SQL Server 2016, SSIS, SSAS, PostgreSQL, Pentaho, IAA, Accord, and ELK for Answer Financial.

	Create an educational websites for teaching English in China using Moodle on AWS, please see Ecoearthasia.com.

	Developed a website biqipedia.com  for the Business Intelligence (BI) community using MediaWiki technologies (Linux, Apache, MYSQL, PHP (LAMP); Windows, EC2 etc.).

	

	Pharmavite - Northridge, CA	Sept 2011 - May 2015

	Based in Northridge California with approximately 1,500 employees Pharmavite is engaged in the production and wholesale distribution of dietary supplement products.



Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) Program Director

As the Program Director, led the successful implementation of Oracle's ‘Product Lifecycle Management’ (PLM) modules for Product Collaboration (PC) and Quality Management (PQM). The program was executed to GMP (CFR part 11) compliance along with its associated Validation standards. The project went live on December 8th, 2014; it was delivered on time and under budget. 

Led supplier evaluations including RFI and RFP development; response and capabilities assessment; developed response scoring models, and managed the delivery of executive presentations supporting a final set of recommendations.

Successfully aligned and managed business/technical teams comprising of 100+ participants

Implemented an effective Organizational Change Management (OCM) plan.

Created and executed against strategic Road Maps for the implementation and future expansion of PLM, costed and planned for a program with a budget of over five million dollars.

Led the execution of the migration and integration of Master Data between JDE and PLM with zero errors during cutover, resulting in improved data quality while reducing data entry challenges.

Installed an enterprise SOA solution based on Magic Software enabling the integration of  multiple systems including JDE, Salesforce and LIMS with PLM.

As the Enterprise Architect/CTO for Pharmavite:.

Led the enterprise Production Data Center migration from Northridge, CA to Las Vegas, NV. This effort realized cost savings of three million dollars per year during the  first two years.

Instituted a comprehensive System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology and supporting artifacts based on ITIL and TOGAF standards and best practices.

Established an Enterprise Data Governance Program and a Project Management Office (PMO).

Initiated an Architecture Review Board (ARB) to define and oversee the creation of Architectural standards aligning the Pharmavite SDLC with TOGAF and ITIL best practises.

Created a Master Data Management (MDM) approach, standards and governance.



	JD Powers and Associates - Westlake Village, CA	July 2005 - Sept 2011

	JD Power and Associates is a US-based marketing information services company that conducts surveys of products, services quality, customer satisfaction, and buyer behavior. 



Senior Director Database Engineering and Management

Senior Director of Database Engineering and Management for Power Information Networks (PIN) a subdivision of JD Power and Associates (JDPA) with a revenue of $35 million per year. Responsible for managing a department employing over thirty FTEs and consultants, with an annual budget of over four million dollars. 

Directed and architected the development of new and enhanced functionality for the JDPA/PI BI Products.

Managed a team of up to thirty IT professionals including Project Managers, architects, DBA’s, ETL developers and programmers in the support and development of JDPA business applications. Team met targets of over 80% utilization and had the highest profit margin in JDPA consulting services.

Migrated the development environment to the Amazon EC2 cloud saving $600,000 annually for JD Power .

Led the development of an Integrated Analytical  Environment (IAE) for BI processing of Research Studies and integrated it with salesforce.com using an Informatica advanced features using WSDL and RESTFul API’s for SOA data integrations.

Architecture oversight on a NoSQL project using Hadoop and SSAS integrated with a Tableau front-end, optimized indexation.

Collaborated with The McGraw-Hill Companies Service Orientated Architecture (SOA) team to define Enterprise standards for application development.

Developed onshore and offshore team structures to optimized development ROI, leading to an offer of an SVP position in New York City leading McGraw Hill enterprise integration team.

	

	Zenith Insurance - Woodland Hills, CA	May 2002 – June 2005

Zenith specializes in the provision of workers' compensation insurance products. It provides insurance coverage for employees who may be injured in the course of employment. 

Enterprise Data Architect

Collaborated with the CIO, CFO with other ‘C’ level executives in defining and implementing an enterprise data architecture strategy based on a comprehensive reference architecture.

Managed the onshore/offshore Business Intelligence (BI) development efforts.

Modelled and instantiated relational data models that supported a new OLTP Claims application and replicated ODS with an integrated Service Orientated Architecture (SOA) using  ACCORD standards.

Designed and implemented Data Mart functionality for the actuary group utilizing the ODS platform which included comprehensive disaster Recovery (DR) and High Availability (HA).

Education

	Higher National Diploma/Bachelor of Science, Computer Studies

	Liverpool Polytechnic – Liverpool, U.K

	Certified ScrumMaster - Scrum Alliance\n
Navdeep Singh Nara
College Park, MD

301-318-8428

navdeep.nara@rhsmith.umd.edu

www.linkedin.com/in/naranav

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science (M.S.), Major: Information Systems
Ramrao Adik Institute of Technology, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Major: Electronics and Telecommunications

December 2016
July 2013

SKILLS
ยง
ยง
ยง

Analytical: Scrum, Agile, Tableau, R, Python, Hadoop, AWS, SPARK, Hive, Android Studio, Risk Analysis,
Salesforce, API, Solver, Spreadsheet modeling using MS-Excel, Statistics
Technical: SQL, JAVA, J2EE, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, XML, C++
Domain: Healthcare, Insurance, Banking, Computer Networking, Internet Security, Telecommunication

EXPERIENCE
Client Network Services Inc. (CNSI), Rockville, Maryland
June 2016 - July 2016
Designation: Business Data Analyst Intern
ยง Visualized billions of rows of data on Tableau Desktop to examine trend and come up with conclusions based on
Washington state demographics
ยง Predicted total number of claims and payments with an accuracy of 87.61% by formulating models on R-Studio.
ยง Examined healthcare payment modules using Health Beat application to improve efficiency and performance.
ยง Prototyped android application in Android Studio for easier information availability to clients and decreasing call
center call volumes by around 30% and cutting down on costs by 20%.
Tech Mahindra, Mumbai, India
Sept 2013 โ June 2015
Designation: Software Engineer
ยง Developed and unit tested over 1500 lines of code using Computer Sciences Corporationโs (CSC) GraphTalk
application to fulfill client requirements related to insurance modules and products.
ยง Prepared SQL queries to report taxes incurred and commission paid to agents throughout the year.
ยง Conducted comprehensive analysis and presented solutions to all bugs arising in code thereby reducing
Turnaround time by 4 minutes.
ยง Led and mentored three team members to revamp entire claim module within a nine-month time frame.
ยง Automated claim initiation and approval process decreasing manual intervention by 40%, and curtailing program
execution time by 14 seconds.
ยง Administered 16 Tuxedo servers (middleware between GraphTalk and Web Portal for providing services) and
supervised Tuxedo deployment process.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Internet Of Things: BitByte
ยง Led Scrum Team of 7 members as a Scrum Master to develop an android application, which gets real time data
from wearable sensors and helps you improve eating habits and lifestyle.
ยง Implemented Scrum methodology and completed project in 3 sprints of 2 weeks each.
ยง Interacted with client and Product owner to gather requirements and presented these to the Scrum Team.
ยง Documented the tasks and progress made by each member of the team.
Big Data: Amazon Fine Food Reviews
ยง Analyzed reviews on food to predict customer trends by adopting MLlib machine learning algorithms in Spark.
ยง Leveraged Tableau to perform data visualization and interesting insights into the data.
ยง Used Hive to perform descriptive analytics on Amazon Food data.
ยง Executed python scripts containing different models on Amazon Web Services (AWS) to predict customer behavior.
LEADERSHIP
ยง Vice President of External Relations at Information Systems Association (ISA) at Smith. Responsible for
meeting with the Master Program Office and enhancing alumni/company involvement.
ยง Track Representative for Information Systems cohort at R.H. Smith School of Business. Liaison between
administrative office and students for effective communication of views, suggestions and information.

\n
Anshita Jain 6743 Rock Brook Dr., Clifton, VA 20124

Phone: 571-286-9751 E-Mail: ajain2303@gmail.com

Objective
Dedicated undergraduate Computer Science senior at the University of Maryland looking for an internship; offering my
creativity and critical thinking skills to help generate innovative ideas, and gain experience in the software industry.

Education
n

University of Maryland; Bachelors of Science: Computer Science

n

Virginia Commonwealth University Fall 2013 – Spring 2015

Expected Graduation: May 2018

Software Skills
n

Proficient in Object Oriented programming in JAVA, C programming in Unix environment, OCaml, Prolog, and Ruby

n

Competent in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL, and Apache

n

Learning app development using Ionic Framework

n

Basic designing skills in AutoCAD, Adobe Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator

Related Experience
Student Web Assistant/Designer at UMD Resident Life

6/1/2016 - Present

Responsible for the creation, upkeep, and design of the department’s web pages, guidebook application; e-mail marketing
campaigns, and the management of University Counseling Center website.
Mentor at CoderDojo NOVA, Springfield, VA

11/2015 – 05/2016

Teach kids from ages 8-12 elementary programming skills in Scratch (a user-friendly language created for kids)

Computer Science Courses
n

Object Oriented Programming (JAVA)

n

Discrete Structures

n

Introduction to Computer Systems (C programming)

n

Algorithms

n

Organization of Programming Languages (Ocaml, Prolog, and Ruby)

n

Design and Analysis of computer algorithms

n

Introduction to Advance JavaScript

n

Introduction to PHP, MySQL, and Apache

n

Advance Discrete Structures

n

Computer Systems Architecture (currently enrolled)

n

Data Structures (currently enrolled)

Other Experience
n

UMD Club Rugby: 09/2016 – Present

n

The National Society of Leadership and Success; Sigma Alpha Pi UMD Chapter: 06/2016-Present

n

VCU Phi Eta Sigma Honors Society: 2013-2015

n

50+ hours of community service hours at The Gardens at Fair Oaks, Nursing Center, Fairfax VA: 2012-2013

Other Skills
n

Ability to work independently as well as in a team.

n

Great leadership skills, self-Motivated, quick learner, hardworking, and technically savvy.

n

Strong oral and written communication skills.

n

Possess creative and innovative ideas.

n

Ability to prioritize tasks & effectively manage skills with little supervision.

\n
NIRUPAMA MENON

Email ID: nirupamamenon4@gmail.com 





PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY



Over 8+ years of IT industry experience with Five years in WebLogic Sever 7.x/8.x/9.x/10.x/11g/12cAdministration/Development/Deployment and other Servers (IBM WebSphere 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, 8.5.5, IBM HTTP Server, Tomcat, Apache Server, iPlanet).

Expertise in Installation, Configuration, Trouble-Shooting and Maintenance of WebLogic Server 7.0/8.1/9.x/10.x/11g/12c,IBM WebSphere Server 7.0/ 8.0/ 8.5/ 8.5.5, JBOSS 6.0/7/7.1, iPlanet Web Server, Apache Web Server on different UNIX/Windows flavors and environments.

Experience in Maintaining WebLogic Server on different UNIX and Windows platforms and setting up the Development, Testing and Production environments.

Deploying J2EE Application archives (JAR, WAR, EAR and RAR) and Web-Based/E-Commerce on Web Logic Application Server and JBOSS 6.x/7.x.

Configured and administered JDBC connection pools.

Experience with Apache Webserver 2.2/2.4 and Tomcat 7.0/ 8.0.

Installed and configured Apache Web Servers in various environments.

Deployed applications on multiple WebLogic Servers and maintained Load balancing, High Availability and Fail over functionality.

Experienced in applying patches and plug-ins for WebLogic Application Server.

Extensive experience in finding the Memory Leaks and adjusting the JVM Heap Sizes, using the Optimize IT and Jprobe.

Working knowledge of JBOSS 6.x/7.x and exposure to distributed queuing architectures.

Extensive experience in configuring and managing secured environments using SSL and digital certificates.

Experienced in J2EE (JSP, Servlets, EJB, JNDI, JMS), Java1.7, JDBC, Java Beans, RMI, JavaScript, XML, HTML, SQL, C# ASP.NET.

Working knowledge of IBM MQ Series, Siteminder.

Excellent understanding of installation, application deployment, monitoring and maintenance of Apache Webserver 2.2/2.4 and Tomcat 7.0/8.0on UNIX/Windows environments.

Extensive experience in troubleshooting by using Thread Dumps for WebLogic/JBOSS server issues.

Varied experience in Clustering (both horizontal and vertical), Workload management, creation and maintenance of Domains, Nodes and Managed Servers instances in a WebLogic and WebSphere server environments.

Good working experience in server side JavaProgramming using J2EE technologies - Servlets, Applets, JSP, JDBC, RMI, JNDI, EJB.

Good working knowledge on Oracle Enterprisein Linux/Windows OS environments.

Experience in Ticketing tools like HP PPMC and Production monitoring tools like HP M360, Oracle EM and http analyzer tools.

Good understanding of Load Balancing using F5, Siteminder and DNS.

Good business understanding, Networking skills and Application work flows.

Expertise in writing UNIX Shell Scripts (KSH), WLST.

Strong troubleshooting skills in WebLogic Application Server platforms.

Experience managing multiple concurrent tasks and projects.

Responsible in providing 24x7 on-call supports for product delivery platforms and application troubleshooting and problem resolution, including managing, escalating, scheduling and reporting corrective actions.

Ability to focus on complex tasks and to understand interaction of this technology area with parts of the infrastructure.

Experienced in installing Certificates on various Web Servers and WebLogic Application Server Platforms.

Technically competent person for the technology in a particular area.

Customer focus to ensure quality and timely responses.

Strong & effective communication skills.



TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Operating Systems

Solaris, Red Hat LINUX, HP-UX, IBM-AIX, Windows 98/2000/NT/XP/Win7/Win8

Programming Languages

C, C++, JAVA/J2EE, SQL, PL-SQL, C# ASP .NET

Application Server

WebLogic Server 8.1 (sp3 – sp6), 9.2MP2 & 10.0/10.3, 11g, 12c Apache Tomcat 6.x, 7.x, 8.x JBOSS 6.x/7.x, WebSphere 7.0,8.0,8.5, 8.5.5

Web Server

Apache 2.2, 2.4 Sun ONE 6.x, IBM-HTTP Server

J2EE Technologies

Servlets, JSP, JDBC, RMI, JMS, JTA, JNDI, JMX, EJB, Applets and swing components, AWT

Web Technologies

JDK 1.7,1.8, HTML, XML, DHTML, MSXML, ASPX, PHP

Scripting Languages

WLST, UNIX Shell Scripting (Bourne, Korn, C and Bash), Perl Scripting

Monitoring Tools

Wily Introscope, JMeter, JConsole, Mercury Load Runner, Grinder, Samurai, AppDynamics, Splunk.

Databases

Oracle 8i/9i/10g, 11g, 12c, MS SQL Server 8.x/2000, Sybase, Pointbase, My SQL, MS Access and DB2

Networking & Protocols

TCP/IP, Telnet, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, SNMP, LDAP, DNS, DHCP   



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

	

Client:Comerica, Dallas, TX   						                 	 Jan2016- Current

Role: Sr. WebLogic/Middleware Engineer



RESPONSIBILITIES

Installed, deployed, monitored, maintainedand configuredWebLogic server 9.x/10.x/11g/12cusing graphic, console and silent mode in UNIX/Windows systems.

Configured web logic NodeManager for runningmanaged servers.

Used config.xml file wizard extensively to create and manage WebLogic domains.

Experience in Installation, Configuration, Deployment and Management of web and enterprise applications on WebLogic Servers.

AdministeredWebLogic server and Apache Tomcat 5.5 involving 20+ Java Applications.

Automated the Deployment process of various WAR, JAR, and EAR applications in clustered environment using WLST scripts.

Configured connection pools and Data sources for WebLogic 8.x/9.x/10.x/11g, JBOSS4.x/5.x/6.x, and SJSAS 9.1 application servers with backend Oracle 9i/10g/11g RAC DB’s.

Used WLST to get run-time parameters. Generated and analyzed Heap dump and Thread dump. Monitored WebLogic performance using WilyIntroscope.

Involved in monitoring error logs, troubleshooting and fixing the problems.

Deployed ATOM extension on all WebLogic admin servers/consoles for managing atom components- properties, reloadable caches, locating class path resources.

Configured JDBC and JMS Queues in WebLogic 9.2/10.3, JBOSS4.x/5.x/6.xEAP

Configured domains, clusters, JDBC Connection Pools, Data sources, JMS Servers.

Deployed the applications in formats of WAR, JAR, and EAR in different WebLogic versions.

Worked on upgrading JDK versions, also WebLogic servers from lower versions of 9.x, 10.x to 12c making sure all the applications are running after performing upgrade task.

Performed upgrade task of OES client from 11gR1 to 11gR2.

Involved in application migration from older server environments to newer server environments providing high availability and accessibility.

Successfully decommissioned older applications and servers from all test and production environments.

Performed WebLogic server administration tasks like configuring Managed servers and setup cluster environment.

Set up Wily for monitoring, notification, root cause analysis and data reporting.

Involved in quarterly disaster recovery sessions and supported the applications making sure they run smoothly before and after the checkouts and traffic migration.

Installed JBOSS web server 1.x and configured with JBOSS EAP 6.0 for load balancing.

Created SSL certificates for JBOSS4.x/5.x/6.x.

Provided online and on-call support during application go-live timeframe. Also involved in troubleshooting during such times.

Automated WAR deployment procedure in production environment running on JBOSS EAP 6.x using UNIX shell script.

Prepared documentation concerning the new applications giving system/project overview, topology of test-prod environments, directory structure, application architecture, monitoring and management details, troubleshooting steps. Also Environment matrix sheet listing hostnames, cluster name, domains, OS, WebLogic and Java version, console URLs, application and WebLogic log path.

Used Winscp and FTP for secure file transfer. Used beyond Compare for text comparison.



ENVIRONMENT:WebLogic Server9.x/10.x/11.x/12.x,JBOSS 4.x/5.x/6.x, JDK 1.4/1.5/1.6/1.7/1.8, JRockit, Apache 2.x,Tomcat 7.0/8.0, Sun One/ iPlanet, IIS 6, Solaris 8, 9, Red Hat, LINUX 6.5,Windows 2007, F5 Load balancer, Siteminder, Nagios, JMX, Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11g, 12c, JDBC, LDAP, subversion, EJB, JSP, Servlets, XML, MS Office, OpenSSL, Secure SSH, Winscp, FTP.



Client: BI Worldwide, Minneapolis, MN                                                    	        June2014 – Dec2015

Role: Sr. WebLogic Administrator                                                            

RESPONSIBILITIES

Installed and configured WebLogic Application server 8.x/9.x/10.x/11x using graphic, console andsilent mode and configured the WebLogicdomain.

Determined and suggested hardware and software specific to the System and customized it.

Configured NodeManager for runningmanaged servers.

Installed and configured JBOSS 5.1/6.0, Apache Tomcat 6.0on different environments like Dev, Test, QA and Production.

Installed and configured Apache HTTP Server 2.0, Tomcat 7.0, IIS and Sun One Web Servers in various environments Installed and configured plug-in for Apache HTTP server and Sun One Web server to proxy the request for WebLogic server.

Experience in analyzing the proxy server log in comparison with WebLogic logs to narrow down the malformed request.

Deployment and troubleshooting of JAR, WAR, and EAR files on both stand alone and clustered environment in JBOSS 5.1/6.0, WebLogic 8.x/9.x/10.x and Apache tomcat 6.0.

Performed migration and Upgradation tasks like upgrading WebLogic server 9.x/10.x to WebLogic11.xand updating JDK’s and installing service packs and patches for WebLogic Server.

Worked on Oracle Fusion 11g architecture making most of the investment in applications.

Installed, configured and administered JBOSS 6.0 server in various environments.

Used centralized configuration for multiple servers in JBOSSdomainmode.

Experienced in Batch-Scripting for automating and reducing the time taken for everyday tasks.

Worked on IBM MQ series to provide proper communication between applications on different platforms enabling visualization and automation of business processes.

Deployed web and enterpriseapplications on JBoss application server.

Troubleshooting everyday problems in WebLogic Application Server and issues by interacting with developer and testing teams and provided 24x7 On Call Production support on rotation basis.

Used Nagios to identify and resolve IT infrastructure problems in various components including applications, services, servers and network protocols.

Deployed various J2EE and enterprise applications (WAR, JAR, RAR, EAR) on WebLogic managed servers and cluster environment and maintained Load Balancing, High Availability and Failover.

Created BASH and KSH scripts to monitor domains, recycleclusters, monitor disk space, monitor number of Apache connections, and run them as Cron jobs for timely running programs Configured JNDI as repository for EJB Home stubs, JDBC data source, JMS connection factories, queues and topics.

Configured and administered JDBC Connection pools/multi pools/ data sources on WebLogic Server.

Also responsible for installing and configuring third party software necessary to test products such as Apache Server.

Installing of HTTP Plugins for Apache, iPlanet and Microsoft IIS.

Involved in monitoring error logs, troubleshooting and fixing the problems.

Handled Memory issues, such as application leak, WebLogic leak and sun java bug by tuning and profiling memory with third party tools.

Implemented security by configuring Secured Socket Layer (SSL) for client authentication and data encryption.

Configured LDAP server using Sun One Directory server for user authentication.

Configure Siteminder with Web servers.

Configure F5 load balancer with Web servers. Used F5 to capacity, performance and reliability of the applications.

Used OIM for access management, directory services, decision making and strengthening security.

Developed and run UNIX shell scripts and implemented auto deployment process.

Solved server hang issues such as Deadlock, Application and Database level lock by taking thread dump and analyzed to get the root cause of the hang.

Set up Wily for monitoring, notification, root cause analysis and data reporting.

Performance monitoring and JVM Heap size and EJB monitoring using Wily Introscope and Load testing usingMercuryLoad Runner and JMeter with Thread and Heap analysis Using Samurai thread dump.

Used Subversion (SVN) to maintain present and historical source code versions and documentation.

TDA and Heap Analyzer for detecting blocking and locked threads.

Used HPOpenView for managing applications, network conditions and status across the platform.

Implemented standard backup procedures for both application and WebLogic server.

Involved in assisting QA team in Load and Integration testing of J2EE applications on WebLogic Server and resolved complex issues.

Involved in a team to design a strategy and well organized planning in data center migration using TDS.



ENVIRONMENT:WebLogic Application Server 8.x/9.x/10.x,11x JDK 1.4/1.51.6/1.7,JBoss (5.1, 6.0), JRockit 8x, Apache 2. x, Tomcat 7.x/8.x, Sun One/ iPlanet, IIS 6, Solaris 8/9, Red Hat LINUX, Windows2007, F5 Load balancer, Siteminder, Nagios, JMX, Oracle 8i/9i, JDBC, Subversion, EJB,JSP, Servlets, XML, MS Office, OpenSSL, Secure SSH.

PG&E, San Francisco, CA							Jun 2012 – May 2014

Role: Middleware/WebLogic Administrator/Production Support

RESPONSIBILITIES

Deployed the applications on WebLogic Servers10.x/11g and maintained Load balancing, high availability and Failover functionalities.

Configure Clustering EJB objects, JDBC connections and JMS connection factories.

Configured Node manager to administer the Managed servers.

Supported on call schedule for Production Support.

Maintained BEA Web Logic Application Server, JBoss AS 5.1/6, IIS 6/7, WebSphere 6.1, and Tomcaton different UNIX platforms and windows platforms and have setup development, testing, staging and production environments for the ongoing application development.

Deployed the applications like formats of WAR, JAR, and EAR in WebLogic 11g/ 10.x.

Configuring and AdministeringJDBC, JMS, JNDI in WebLogic Server 11g. 

Install, configure and administer BEA WebLogic Server 11g in various environments.

Install and configure Apache Web Server in various environments.

Configure and administered of WebLogic server with Oracle 11gdatabase.

Configuration and administration of Connection pools for JDBC connections. 

Used configuration wizard and configuration builder extensively to create and manage   WebLogic domains.

Setting up the cluster environment for WebLogic Server integrated with multiple workflows.

Used Oracle Fusion for development, deployment and management of SOA suite

Involved in doing a performance benchmark of WebLogic server by using Load Runner.

Used Nagios to provide centralized view of IT infrastructure and help with status information, detection of infrastructure outages, automatic restart of failed applications and services and overall monitoring reporting.

Installed, configured and administered JBOSS 5.0 server in various environments.

Used JBOSS framework to support the development and implementation of applications

Configured and deployed applications in various work environments like Development, System Test and Production.

Research and Troubleshooting of emerging application issues, from WebLogic configuration to code issues.

Migrated Applications between JBoss and WebLogic Application servers.

Used Batch-Processing to avoid idling computing resources and keeping high rate of utilization and shift the time of job processing

Developed ANT build scripts, UNIX shell scripts and auto deployment process.

Configure JNDIserver as repository for EJB Home stubs, JDBC data source, JMS connection factories, queues and topics. 

Applying the patches to the WebLogic servers.

Configured F5 Load Balancer Implemented standard backup procedures for both application and WebLogic. 

Testing and profiling to measure the performance of the applications.

Used alfresco content management for web, documents, records and content development.

Conducted performance and scalability audits of applications and the application servers.

Integrating and managing solutions with IIS, iPlanet LDAP, and Directory Smart single sign-on. 

Problem determination using local error logs and by running user traces and service traces.

Documenting design procedures and test plans.



ENVIRONMENT:JDK1.6/1.7, J2EE, JRockit, JSP, Servlets, EJB, Jboss 5.x, LDAP, JDBC, XML, Oracle9i, WebLogicServer 8.1, Win2K, AIX, Solaris, Linux, OIM, Alfresco, subversion.

Client: Harland Financial Services , Irvine , CA				       Nov 2011 -May 2012

Role: WebLogic Administrator 



RESPONSIBILITIES

Involved in migration of WebLogicserver from WebLogic 10.3 to WebLogic 11g.

Installation, Administration and Configuration of WebLogic Application Server 10.3/11g with backend like DB2, Oracle 10g RAC, Sybase Gateway, IBM MQ, Web Methods and other local system.

Installation and configuration of Apache and SunONE (iPlanet) Web Server including SSL configuration and proxy plug-in for application server.

Writing Ant/WLST/Jython script to stop/start WebLogic servers/cluster, deployment of code.

Manually performed J2EE application deployment using WebLogic console and administration including JAR, WAR, and EAR files.

Configuring Web services in WebLogic server for remote application access of SOAP calls to other application in different domain.

Created WebLogic Domains with Clustered Managed Server forDevelopment/QA/Performance/Production/Disaster Recovery environment and maintaining domains for different Project for each environment.

Developed and maintained UNIX shell scripts that monitors and zip the log files for BEA WebLogic 10.3/11g.

Created Cronjobs with UNIX shell scripts for Monitoring of various WebLogic attributes for Production Servers which helps to send Alert through emails as well as to Pagers.

Coordinating with network team to configure Cisco Load Balancer for request distribution to apache web layer.

Involved in Performance Testing and tuning of WebLogic server with respect to heap, execute queue, Work Manager and load management in a cluster, threads and connection pools and also solving issues with applications during the Performance test.

Involved in partial setup of Wily Introscope, installing Wily Agent on WebLogic servers and creating dashboard for monitoring CPU usage and WebLogic statistic.

Had to co-ordinate with WebLogic Portal team for the frontend application portal setup. Trouble shooting any issue with Portal team and make sure applications are launching properly from the portal page.

Installed and configured BEA Guardian 1.0 on Windows Server 2003 to trouble shoot issue with WebLogic Domain configurations.

Make myself available to application architect to provide WebLogic infrastructure support and creating WebLogic Portal as frontend and other application installed on WebLogic Server as backend calls.

Was involved in Migration for connection pool drivers for DB2 from Type-2 to Type-4.

Was involved with upgrading Sybase connection pool driver from version 2 to version 3.

Coordinating with Autosys group to help them to prepare jil files which can be used for automatic controlling of WebLogic Production domains.

Working with infrastructure team to deliver environments for each project release on time.

Used alfresco content management system for virtualizing Webapps and static sites via Apache Tomcat.

Involved in Disaster Recovery events testing and making sure Disaster Recovery environment is well available in case Production environment has any issues.

Comfortable with IBM MQ 6.0 use in WebLogic 10.3/11g as foreign JMS configuration.

Involved in connectivity setup for applications between WebLogic and WebSphere server.

Maintaining code and configuration file in version management tool like ClearCase.

Opening and assigning application defect to appropriate groups using HP Quality center tool.

Involved in trouble shooting production issues and opening case/ticket with Oracle/BEA for any critical issue.

Involved in creating SSL certs and renewing certificates for node manager and MQ.

Preparing documents for Production implementation for all Project releases.

Available as on call for Production support.



ENVIRONMENT:WebLogic Server 10.3/11g, Weblogic Portal, BEA Guardian 1.0, Solaris OS 8/10 ,Actuate Reporting, ,J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, LDAP, JDBC, XML, Oracle 8/10g, DB2, Ant1.5.1, Wily Introscope 7/7.2, Alfresco, Autosys 4.5, IBM ClearCase, Subversion, Siteminder Netegrity, NDM, Web Methods.





Client: Vision Labs, India 							Mar 2008 - Oct 2011

Application Development/Support 



Responsibilities:

Installed and Configured WebLogic 8.1 Application Servers/WebLogic Integration, Domains, Clusters on AIX, Solaris and wrote shell scripts for automation of WebLogic startup, and for log maintenance.

Tuned the TCP-related parameters in Operating System Level to improve system performance and reduce dropped connections.

Configured and maintained WebLogic server with JDBC Connection Pool, JMS, JNDI, SNMP and J2EE Services. 

Used to interact with Development Teams for Application Architecture changes, with respective to WebLogic configurations.

Installed and configured Apache Tomcat and Sun ONE (iPlanet) Web Server.

Developed and maintained shell scripts that facilitate the Administration of BEA WebLogic.

Troubleshooting, Load balancing, Testing and Code Profiling to measure the performance of the various applications deployed in WebLogic Server.

Developed many shell scripts to automate the maintenance process of the WebLogic and recover the backed up WebLogic configuration.



Environment:Weblogic Server 8.1, Apache Tomcat, Sun One, J2EE, Web Services, LDAP, XML,AIX,Solaris, Windows, Sql Server



Education: 









Page | 6\n
M Srikant

Director/Sr. Manager, Product Manager, Architect

Cloud, Analytics, Security

   US Citizen |  (510) 690-5708   |  symplectic@gmail.com



Leadership Skills Strategic Thinking Communication & Coordination Creative Problem Solving Analytical Process Flow Teamwork & Collaboration

Comprehensive program and product experience in dynamic global markets with critical business drivers and environments. Cross-industry project track-record – in areas such as security, data integration, lifecycle management and technology standardization – to scale, secure and optimize, by adopting a bimodal approach to supporting the enterprise’s transformation, which entails new business models and channels for customer engagement and 360 views of IT costs in the context of business performance.

Eighteen years of product execution involving Management/Development/Delivery of the product life cycle – architectures, design, implementation, testing and deployment, for seven pioneering products including three ‘concept-to-launch’ products.

Ten years of enterprise business transformation and management - strategy, analysis, planning, operations, governance - of complex environments and ecosystems, and governance of initiatives: Contributions to core standards, operations, processes.

Sixteen years of experience in enabling revenue, profit and business growth objectives within enterprises; Strong track-record in decision-making initiative, motivation, flexibility, adaptability and performance-driven delivery on customer commitments.

Initiated and launched the AWS cloud security COE at Amazon AWS in 2014, producing reference architectures and CISO plans.

Advised, evaluated and promoted a strategy of the service broker paradigm for the hybrid cloud, network and security management offering at Verizon-Terremark in 2013-14, leading to adoption into the “unified tiered” enterprise solution Cloud Compute rollout.

Planned and managed the identity management transformation program, involving two dozen systems and a distributed team of solution architects at Schneider in 2014, reversing nascent corporate reservations and winning a multi-year multi-million contract.

Directed and analyzed the process transformation and operations of the continuous fabrication lines for broadband chip security, at Broadcom-TSMC-UMC in 2012, leading to robust diagnostics and perfection of batches, improving revenues upward of $100M.

Established and monitored the build-to-operate standards for consumer/enterprise infrastructure, data centers, at Bank of America in 2011, enabling “elasticity of assets” leading to consolidation and software defined infrastructure for $9 billion IT.

Managed and executed the network and security assessment self-service catalog and partner cloud portal at Cisco in 2011 resulting in organizational enhancement into the $1 billion core cloud service offerings for mid-market partners in emerging markets.

Governed the $1 billion business transformation initiative at Cisco in 2006-08, to scope and align business intelligence issues across theaters, systems and processes, producing higher-than-market revenue gains, winning share in strategic emerging markets.

Managed the entire product life cycle of the Secure Flash component for the TrustedCore software product launch at Phoenix generating $23 million in third quarter fiscal 2004, year-over-year revenue gains and profits.

Guided and implemented the entire product life cycle of the CF700/CF7000 E-commerce (SSL Cache) 1U and 3U appliances at Cacheflow, generating $32 million in fourth quarter fiscal 2000, outpacing competitors maximizing share of strategic markets.

Cloud Platform: Docker, AWS, Azure, Scala, Go, Container, Microservices, Orchestration, OpenStack, Public/Private/Hybrid Cloud, Workload

DevOps: Git, Chef/Puppet, Jenkins, Agile, Continuous delivery (SCM, CI, Configuration Management, APM, Testing/Validation, Monitoring)

Big Data Analytics: Spark, Hadoop, RDBMS, SQL, NoSQL, R, Data Integration/Quality, EDW/BI, Events, Streaming (Pipelines, Optimizer)

Cloud Security: Infrastructure/Data/Application/Network/Web Security, VPC, IAM, UTM, SSL, PKI, Encryption, Privacy, APT, DDoS, SQLI

																																																			Machine Learning: Torch7, Caffe, TensorFlow, Supervised/Unsupervised learning, Deep Learning for Vision/NLP (neural networks)







Experience

	Mayacom Inc., (AWS/Apache/Spring) Director/Architect, Product and Platform [Partners – Opal Soft Inc. & Aerial Alchemy]	2015 – Present

	Startup Bootstrap Factory – Setting strategy and vision, conducting customer interviews, defining features and requirements, building roadmaps and release management; Investment directed presentations – Use case narratives, customer protocols, market analysis, monetization and revenue.

	Transformation as a Service – Cloud/Big Data/Devops toward strategic paths and Platform approach to Digital Business Transformation, Bimodal IT

	Spark, HDFS, Parquet, MongoDB, Cassandra, Presto, Kafka, Flink, NiFi, TensorFlow, scikit-learn, Shark, Kubernetes, Spring Boot, Airflow, Jenkins

	Cognizant Technology Solutions, TX	10/2013 – 10/2014

																																																			Senior Manager, Cloud, Telecommunications, Security

	Amazon AWS, CA/WA [Managed teams @ US, India] [Retail-Cloud] (Cognizant Client)

																																																			Cloud Application-Data Security Reference Architecture and Transformation COE. Horizontal: Hybrid Cloud Security. Function: Strategy.

																																																			Established a Transformation Center of Excellence for hybrid cloud security with Amazon executives towards training of professional services for enterprise clients towards the adoption of public cloud services in conjunction with client data centers.

																																																			Created vertical CISO business plans for the promotion of Amazon and Cognizant core competencies with enterprise clients.

																																																			Created and authored reference architectures for hybrid application and data security, shared between AWS cloud and data centers.

	Verizon-Terremark, TX [Telecommunications] (Cognizant Client)

																																																			Verizon Multi-Cloud Management Portal initiative; CSB: Strategy, Analysis (Requirements, Product Offering) and Roadmap, Planning.

																																																			Horizontal: Network Management, Security Management, Cloud Management and Customer Analytics. Function: Strategy/Analysis.

																																																			Promoted the strategy and design of cloud service brokerage paradigms with CIO and CTO offices of Verizon and Terremark.

																																																			Created a comprehensive multi-cloud portal business plan, that included market opportunity and competitive analysis, use case scenarios and financial ROI analysis, and that leveraged the underlying Verizon MPLS network infrastructure with several policy engines, network, security and cloud management components and a marketplace of vertical service offerings.

																																																			Created a capabilities roadmap towards the implementation of the network, security and cloud management feature sets and the analytics suite; elucidated the narratives and mechanics of integration of external customer CXO requirements with Verizon CIO objectives and strategy, and subsequent alignment with the CMP offering and feature set.

	Schneider, WI [Managed teams @ US, India] [Transportation] [15 reports] (Cognizant Client)

																																																			Oracle IAM Enterprise Transformation program; OIM 11g: Analysis, Program Planning, Design, Architecture and Solution Specifications.

																																																			Horizontal: Identity Management, Enterprise Business Architecture, System/Policy Management. Function: Planning/Governance.

																																																			Established the OIM Migration Program with Schneider executives and Cognizant architects and executives, with execution analysis.

																																																			Managed the program solution teams, and created detailed project plans for the SDLC phases – Analyze, Design, Build and Test.

																																																			Managed and evolved the System Requirement Specifications and System Architecture and Design Specifications with stakeholders.




	Broadcom, CA (parent Avago Tech.) [Managed teams @ US, Singapore, Taiwan] [Semiconductor] [50 reports]	1/2012 – 5/2012

																																																			Fabless Chip Security Supply Chain operations with semiconductor marketing and operations executives toward streamlined processes and risk mitigation (Execute, Analyze, Control); Parts rollout schedules aligned to customers and subcontractors, Governance boards.

																																																			Established device rollout queue schedules, operational overlays between broadband customers and fabrication subcontractors.

																																																			Coordinated with evolving Governance boards and design teams for efficient Processes, Operations, Customers and Shipping.

																																																			Coordinated manufacturing program managers (TSMC, UMC) across Singapore/Taiwan and security vendors spread worldwide.

	Bank of America, CA [Managed teams @ US, UK] [Financial Services] (Apex Client)	8/2011 – 12/2011

																																																			Infrastructure Architecture, Build to Operate Standards Governance (Design, Analyze, Operate)

																																																			Cloud Data Center Infrastructure architecture with banking executives toward enterprise and consumer banking build-to-operate standards (Design, Analyze, Operate); Baseline definition, gaps in the existing controls/policies/artifacts around network, security, storage, middleware infrastructure products and reference architectures, compliance standards, Governance board. 

																																																			Established baseline definition work streams with various infrastructure technology areas of the enterprise, such as network, storage, server, monitoring, middleware, provisioning automation, infra stacks, service blueprints, resiliency/disaster recovery.

																																																			Worked with architects and designers along the work streams to discover gaps in the existing controls/policies/artifacts around the procurement, implementation and deployment of infrastructure products and reference architectures, for strategic projects.

																																																			Worked with infrastructure architecture teams to draft Standards that mandate strict compliance or recommend best practices.

																																																			Coordinated with the Governance Board on change management of Standards repositories, to augment or modify the baselines.

	Cisco Systems, CA	10/2006 – 6/2011

	Customer Advocacy-Advanced Services [Managed teams @ US, India] [30 reports] 1/2011 – 6/2011

																																																			Product Manager – Service Product Management, Assessment Services & Automation, (Discovery, Analysis, Report)

																																																			Cloud Services Product Management with Cloud executives toward the business operations for delivery of automated network services

																																																			Established a graded Service Strategy targeted at mid-market Partners and Customers toward low cost Service pricing and packaging, and actively participated in communications and messaging decision forums, toward the Service bundle delivery.

																																																			Coordinated the Service architecture/design/development for networks, security, wireless assessments, along with business development, global service delivery, product management, engineering area specialists, portfolio release management.

																																																			Facilitated the design of the Service Catalog for the assessment selection, configuration and execution, by Partners and Customers.

																																																			Prepared Service Descriptions, and coordinated the approval process with Legal, Finance organizations and operational toll-gates.

																																																			Drove the engineering design management and resource risk management, for the software assessment services automated through a self-service platform, consisting of service catalog and service execution workflow simulation (IOS software maturity, customer profile and software version algorithms), across successive phases of development, tuning & validation and testing.

	Customer Advocacy-Technical Services 1/2008 – 6/2008

																																																			Data Analytics, Segmentation/Channel – spend, bookings, install base, forecast (Research, Analysis, Dashboard)

																																																			SMB services plan 07-08’ with field marketing managers and go-to-market executives toward insights derived from channel, spending

																																																			Supported Field Marketing Managers and GTM Segmentation Board Executives on the SMB Services plan and dashboard initiatives

																																																			Market Research: Collaborated to incorporate AMI and GMV yearly spend data and CAGR projections, into opportunity models. 

																																																			Data Analysis: Worked on incorporating Sales Finance YoY revenue figures, quarterly and aggregate bookings numbers.

																																																			Plan: Created a GTM Segmentation plan; research, data & gap, synthesis, model – integrative overlay dashboards.

	Marketing-IT [Managed teams @ US, UK, Singapore] 10/2006 – 12/2007

																																																			Enterprise BI/Data Governance, Market-to-Lead processes – controls, data quality & privacy; BI, dashboards (People, Process, Technology)

																																																			Cloud Business Transformation $1Billion initiative 06-08’ with marketing executives towards the cloud platform governance

																																																			Supported Marketing Executives on the 07-08’ business transformation initiative and CID BI Platform towards Governance priorities

																																																			Worked with the Director of the Customer Intelligence organization to – prioritize, scope and align various data and business intelligence governance issues across theaters, systems and processes in marketing and across organizations via DMM.

																																																			Worked with CMO and Corporate legal, to frame and establish uniform Corporate Global Privacy policies for Country customer data information (PII), and reconcile and align with Country-specific EU, US, UK, Canada, Japan Privacy laws and regulations.

																																																			Worked with APAC, EU, LATAM theater marketing to establish global Data Quality & Data Integration (Trillium tool) to establish and make operational, country data on-boarding† policy, process and control framework, best practices, metrics and scorecards. 

																																																			Coordinated with the BI platform teams and the marketing organization to analyze and consolidate the multiple local vertical and technology hierarchies (market segments) across systems, theaters and processes to align with enterprise wide standards.

																																																			Design of integrated market-to-lead business rules/processes and risk analysis, metrics (D&B, AMI, Gartner), scorecards.

																																																			Worked with BI/ETL system designers: operational data store (Oracle), data warehouse (Teradata), dashboards (Siebel).

																																																			IT, Data Quality & Privacy, Market Research, Market Planning, Demand Generation, GTM Segmentation, Analytics, Customer Intelligence (Theaters), Sales Strategy, Sales Opportunity; Risks addressed: Data, Process, Stakeholder, Model, Policy, IT System, Data Privacy, Access, Legal.

	Synergy Research Group / ACG Research	1/2009 – 12/2010

																																																			VP Research, Principal Analyst/Consultant, Service Provider Security, Managed Services

																																																			Product-line quantitative and competitive analysis reports for telecommunication vendor executives covering Broadband and Cloud.

																																																			Clients (2009) – Juniper, Cisco, Alcatel-Lucent, Extreme, Brocade-Foundry, and global telecommunication startups

																																																			Reports (2009) – Carrier Ethernet Q1 2009 Market Share Update Report; Managed Services Q1 2009 Market Share Update Report

	Managed Services Consulting	1/2005 - 6/2006

	Director (Risk, Compliance & IT Governance)

																																																			Focused on Clients (Fidelity, JP Morgan and CB Richard Ellis), for the BOT global delivery model with vendors in emerging markets

																																																			Structured business process transformation initiatives relating to financial services and banking.

																																																			Coordinated client objectives, process and control reviews, vendor/locale selection, RFP/RFI, risk assessment and mitigation and negotiated the contract and SLA parameters. Executed contractual, commercial documents.

																																																			Regulatory Compliance (Policy, Security, Standards): S-Ox, CobiT, ISO 17799, ITIL; PCI, FFIEC, Basel II, HIPAA, COSO, GLB, SB.

																																																			Risks addressed: Sector, Contract, Vendor, Partner, Locale, Financing, IT, Security, Regulator.

	Metavize, Product QA/Operations Manager	6/2005 - 12/2005

																																																			Performed functional and performance testing for a Unified Threat Management appliance (perimeter defense – Firewall, DMZ policy, and mal-ware – Anti-Spam, Anti-Virus, IDS/IPS, HTTP, POP, SMTP, IMAP, SNMP; VPN)

																																																			Setup an internal testing network with Spirent Avalanche and Reflector using a Gigabit Netgear managed switch

																																																			Established a virtualized test-dev software quality and stress test laboratory, with VLANs and VM threads

																																																			Managed the System Operations / VPC Group – install, upgrade, configuration




	Phoenix Technologies Ltd., CA	7/2003 - 12/2004

																																																			Product Manager/Principal Engineer, Security Products Group

																																																			Managed and coordinated the entire product life cycle of the Secure Flash component for the ‘TrustedCore’ software product launch and effectively aligned with the OEM/ODM/VAR (Fujitsu, IBM and others) field deployment scenarios.

																																																			Gathered, correlated and prioritized customer requirements while demonstrating the customer usage scenarios and benefits. Facilitated the generation of MRD, and prepared PRD, functional and design specifications.

																																																			Coordinated across functional teams in US, Japan, Taiwan and China, to deliver a quality product, on time and within budget. Drove engineering, QA and documentation team to ensure design met market needs and testing met quality.

																																																			Enabled field support team (FAE) to successfully sell, implement and support the product. Worked closely with customers on technical issues coordinating resources internally to provide information towards issue resolution. Delivered customer presentations, demos and training. Phoenix third quarter fiscal 2004 – $23 million.

	Ingrian Networks, CA (now SafeNet Inc)          	11/2001 - 5/2002

																																																			Product Manager/SSE

																																																			Proposed a secure load-balancing multi-layer switch product line (including evaluation of vendors, hardware design sourcing, OEM), augmenting an x86 core PCI-based appliance to a secure switching platform

																																																			Architected the design specification for a low cost L2-L7 web-switching platform composed of off-the-shelf edge switch-on-chip processors (56xx, CXE), core processors (Sibyte 1250), network processors (IQ2000), security processors (58xx) and local reverse proxy cache storage. Product roadmap interactions with Broadcom, Switchcore, Intel, Vitesse, PMC-Sierra

	Co-founder/CTO, Founded and Operated a Mobile Multimedia startup, Wavestream Networks, in California, 2001. Provisional Patent: SN# 60/299506. Negotiated technology alliances with industry partners: Cradle, PacketAir. VC: Matrix Partners, Panasonic, NEC, DoCoMo. Charted customer validations with carriers: Sprint, DoCoMo and ATT. Initiated discussions with content owners: Disney, Sony.

	Cacheflow Inc., CA (now Symantec Corporation/BlueCoat Inc)         	11/1999 - 3/2001

																																																			Senior Engineer, E-commerce Security Appliances Group

																																																			Collaborated with hardware, embedded kernel, SSL and application layer engineers. Multi-site US/Canada.

																																																			Coordinated the entire product life cycle of E-commerce (SSL Cache) appliances for the CF700/CF7000 product launch. 

																																																			Executed the integration of SSL cryptography, PCI crypto drivers and Certificate management components, and participated in QA coordination toward product delivery. Fiscal quarter – $32 million.

																																																			Product roadmap interactions with Broadcom, Intel, SiS, VIA. Estimated BOMs and amortized cost matrix.

	Oracle Corporation, CA	9/1997 - 4/1999

																																																			Senior Member of Technical Staff, Advanced Technology Group 

																																																			Contributed to OLA (Learning Management System) product, currently the OLM product integrated with PeopleSoft HR. 

																																																			N-tier collaborative service-oriented architecture (SOA) – Integrated CORBA-based network middleware infrastructure with backend transaction processing Oracle databases and application server, within a distributed framework. 

																																																			Addressed secure tunneling of middleware protocols through firewalls and intranets.

	Los Alamos National Laboratory, NM	8/1990 - 8/1997

																																																			Contributed to the development of POOMA (componentized scientific simulation framework); and parallel sparse matrix/finite-grid simulations on MPP systems, such as T3D, CM5 and Alpha clusters.

																																																			Worked with the Parallel Virtualized Layer (PAL) of the framework, constituted by a Virtual Node Manager over physical processor nodes, that handles domain decomposition of application objects over the virtual nodes, message passed communication between virtual nodes, and load balancing of virtual nodes over physical nodes.

																																																			Designed and implemented of sparse matrix classes with optimized and scalable kernel operators, Krylov solvers and pre-conditioners for solving large sparse systems, over the framework.

																																																			NSF Grant partners: California Institute of Technology, Indiana University, University of California, Irvine.

	Computing Research Laboratory / PSL /Santa Fe Institute	8/1990 - 6/1994

		Contributed to Information Fusion; Low Intensity Conflict Analysis; Contributed to the arid land project. Area of original work: Combinatorial information and dynamics.

	National Center For Software Technology, (now C-DAC)	8/1987 - 8/1990

																																																			Conceptualized and implemented PASTEL (Direct machine translation system; syntactic, semantic parsers and target language generator). Conducted research studies, interacted and collaborated with Artificial Intelligence researchers worldwide (US, UK, Switzerland, Japan – IIT, IISc, Yale U., CMU, Imperial College, Zurich U., MITI).

	Tata Consultancy Services (TCS)	1/1986 - 8/1987

																																																			Product life cycle of PRISM including work study, network, project planning and control, auto-placement

																																																			

Accomplishments

Digital Business Transformation initiatives enabling organizations to innovate from linear to agile, adaptable and super-maneuverable business models, processes and technology, towards dynamically adjusting to customers' needs. The enterprise path is a combination of extensive reshaping of the customer value proposition and a transformation of the operating model. The capabilities to realize this are – business model innovation, customer/community collaboration, cross-channel integration, analytics insight and digital supply chain.

Strategy that shapes enterprise structural conditions through the development and alignment of value proposition for customers, growth proposition leveraging value and resource proposition motivating strategy execution. This alignment leads to a sustainable strategy for competitive differentiation and cost optimization, thus enabling a holistic and integrated approach to digital business transformation.





Cloud Computing/Services, Enterprise Data/IT Processes, Enterprise Security, Distributed Systems, Cloud Platforms, Big Data, 

High Performance Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Virtualization, Distributed Systems, Clusters/Grid/ Networking

	Programming Languages: Scala, Go, Java, C, C++, Node.js, YAML, JSON; Python, Perl, Lisp, Prolog, Pascal, Fortran; Bash, x86



																																																		

																																																		MS (Mathematics), New Mexico State University, 1993

																																																		M.Tech (Computer Engineering), Indian Institute of Technology, 1986

																																																		B.Tech (Electrical Engineering), 1984

																																																		Artificial Intelligence United Nations Fellow, Yale University, 1989

																																																		Computer Science Graduate Research Fellow, TIFR, Bombay, 1985





Addendum

Education 

			Transformation

			Vertical

			Functions

			Horizontals

Verizon – Cloud Service Broker

Telecommunications

Strategy, Analysis

Cloud, Networks, Security, Big Data

Amazon – Cloud Security COE

Retail and Cloud Utility

Strategy

Cloud, Security, Big Data

Schneider – OIM Migration

Transportation

Planning, Operations

Applications, Security, DB

Broadcom – SOTP Fab Process

Semiconductor, BB Vendors

Operations, Governance

PLM, Fab Sensors, Security, SCM

Bank of America – BTO IA

Financial Services

Strategy, Governance

Infrastructure, Architecture

Cisco AS – Assessment/Catalog

Technology

Planning, Operations

Cloud, Networks, Security, Algorithms

Cisco MIT – CID Integration

Technology

Analysis, Governance

Cloud, Big Data, BI/DW, CRM, DB

			Product

			PDLC Functions

			Orgs/Partners

Metavize – UTM Firewall Appliance

Management, Testing, QA

Engineering, Sales; Spirent, SFDC

Phoenix – Secure Flash System Software

Management, Design, Development

Engineering, Marketing, OEMs; Intel, MS

Simple Devices – Auto Digital Audio

Development, Testing

Engineering, Manufacturing

Ingrian – Secure Multilayer Switch

Management, Design

Engineering, Channel; Intel, Broadcom

Cacheflow – Secure Cache Appliance

Design, Development, Testing

Engineering, Sales; RSA, HiFn

IDS – Federated Data Integration

Performance Analysis

Engineering, Marketing

Oracle – OLM Intranet Platform

Design, Development, Scalability

Engineering, Channel

Los Alamos – POOMA Platform

Research, Design, Development

Physics, Dynamics; NSF, Caltech, Indiana

NCST – Machine Translation

Research, Development

AI/NLP; Yale, CMU, Imperial, Zurich, MITI

TCS – Project Planning Automation

Development

Enterprise Software





Cloud Platforms: AWS, Azure, Workloads, Multi-Tenancy, Scalability, Elasticity, Orchestration, Resource pooling, Compliance

Cloud Security: Infrastructure security, Data security, Identity and Access Management, Access control, Availability, Privacy, VPC

Cloud Services: ROI, TCO, provider/broker SLA, IT project management, contract and vendor management, chargeback and price modeling, supply chain management, and capacity planning, SOA architectures, Microservices, Devops

Enterprise Security: Web security, Identity management, Policy management, Threat management, Device security, Security gateway

																																																			Public/Private/Hybrid Cloud, Virtualization, Orchestration, SDN, OpenStack, Hadoop, Container, Docker, Spark, Deep learning



																																																		USPTO Patent: “Secure Firmware Update”, SN# 11/026,813, Dec 29, 2004; Phoenix Technologies. PCT/US2005/043606, Jun 7, 2006. 

																																																		Five Grants & Contracts [1992-98]

																																																		National Science Foundation, 09/01/95-08/31/98; Los Alamos National Laboratory, 10/21/94-08/31/95 (High Performance Computing)

																																																		U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, 01/02/94-12/31/94; Lockheed Company, Inc (Austin Division), 01/02/93 -12/31/93 (Information Fusion)

																																																		National Science Foundation, 06/15/92 -11/30/94 (Complex Systems)

																																																		Eight Conference/Book Publications [1986-96]

																																																		J.V.W. Reynders, P. J. Hinker, J. C. Cummings, S. R. Atlas, S. Banerjee, W. F. Humphrey, S. R. Karmesin, K. Keahey, M. Srikant and M. Tholburn, (1996), POOMA: A Framework for Scientific Simulations on Parallel Architectures, In Parallel Programming using C++, Chapter 14,  pp. 547-587, MIT Press.

																																																		J. V.W. Reynders, P. J. Hinker, J. C. Cummings, S. R. Atlas, S. Banerjee, W. F. Humphrey, S. R. Karmesin, K. Keahey, M. Srikant and M. Tholburn, (1996), POOMA: A Framework for Scientific Simulations on Parallel Architectures, Proceedings of the International Parallel Processing Symposium (IPPS 96), 1st International Workshop on High-Level Programming Models and Supportive Environments (HIPS 96) , Honolulu. IEEE Computer Society Press. 

																																																		J.V.W. Reynders, J. C. Cummings, M. Tholburn, S. R. Atlas, S. Banerjee, M. Srikant, P. J. Hinker, W. F. Humphrey, S. R. Karmesin, K. Keahey (1995), POOMA-Parallel Object-Oriented Methods and Applications, Virtual Environments and Distributed Computing, Super Computing’95, San Diego, CA.

																																																		R. Chandrashekar, M. Srikant, and S. Ramani (1989), An Integrated Approach to Analysing News Stories, Proceedings of the Workshop on Natural Language Processing, Roorkee, India, Jan 19-20.

																																																		M. Srikant, R. Chandrashekar, and S. Ramani (1988). An Interactive Analyser for Natural Language Sentences, Proceedings of the Conference on Knowledge Based Computer Systems, Bangalore, India, Jun 10-11.

																																																		US Citizen‡

																																																		‡PR: Section 203(b)(2) waiver petitioned by US Department of Energy & US Department of Defense as ‘Researcher of Exceptional Ability in the National Interest’ (1995).\n
Mandar H Salunkhe
8125 48th Avenue, APT 615, College Park, MD 20740 | mandarhs8@gmail.com | +1 (240) 758 1157 | linkedin.com/in/m-s10
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
MS in Telecommunications Engineering
CGPA – 3.0

College Park, MD
Expected, May 2018

Mumbai University
Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunications
CGPA - 7.1/10
RELEVANT COURSES
1. Networks and Routing Protocols
3. Telecom Marketing Management
5. Internet and Voice Communication

Mumbai, India
May 2016

2. Network and Application Performance Analysis
4. AWS/PCS System Implementation
6. Object Oriented Programming

PROJECTS
Java application for data transfer between Client and Server using UDP
Implemented source codes in Java for port to port communication between Client and Server making use of
a wide range of classes and their methods to achieve data transfer with Integrity Check and Retransmissions

College Park, MD
Nov 2016

AWS/PCS antenna deployment using Mentum Planet
Configured and Simulated numerous individual antennas using GSM and LTE technologies with respect to
power, height, angles and tilts and placed them in the Washington D.C Downtown and Metro areas for analysis

College Park, MD
Oct-Nov 2016

Wireless Notice Board using PSoC 4 Bluetooth Low Energy
Designed Wireless transmission of custom notices through an Android app for predefined notices
corresponding to HEX numbers, displayed on a 16x2 LCD screen interfaced with PSoC BLE using Mbed C
Summer Industrial Training
Minor projects with ARM embed (Platform – Freescale FRDMKL25Z),
Certified by ARM
Minor Projects with Cypress Programmable System on Chip (PSoC4),
Certified by ARM
Binary Amplitude Shift Keying(BASK) Transmitter
Developed an RC oscillator and soldered it on a PCB with an IC 4051 for multiplexing purpose and thus
demonstrated a BASK transmitter, modulating a Sinusoidal input by a random bit stream of 1s and 0s

Mumbai, India
Jul 2015-Apr 2016

Mumbai, India
July 2015

Mumbai, India
Feb-April 2015

CERTIFICATIONS
1. Troubleshooting Your Network with Wireshark (Lynda.com)
2. Foundations of Networking (Basics, Media – WAN, Protocols and CLI tools) (3 courses) (Lynda.com)
3. Python 3 Essential Training (Lynda.com)
4. ARM University Program Training Course on Embedded System Design and Programming (ARM)

Jan 2017
Jan 2017
Oct 2016
July 2015

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Networking: TCP/IP Protocol Stack, OSI Model, DHCP, DNS, OSPF, RIP, EIGRP, BGP4
Programming: Java, Python, Socket programming, C and Mbed C(Basic), HTML and CSS(Basic)
Experience with Cisco Packet Tracer, Excel Analytic Solver, MATLAB, Proteus, EagleCad, PSpice, ORCAD
Exposure to PSoC Creator IDE, ARM Mbed, Ubuntu, WireShark, Riverbed Modeler
CONFERENCE AND PRESENTATIONS
Published and presented a paper on Implementation of Wireless Noticeboard using PSoC4 BLE in
the IETE state level project competition, DJ Spark

Mumbai, India
April 2016

WORK EXPERIENCE
Student Assistant Bookseller at University Book Center (Barnes & Noble) , University of Maryland
Lighting Technician at The Clarice Arts Performance Center, University of Maryland

Aug 2016-Present
Jan 2017-Present

\n
Jeffrey R. Adamczyk  Jeffrey.r.adamczyk@gmail.com  914.329.9436





Jeffrey R. Adamczyk

Jeffrey.r.adamczyk@gmail.com  Mobile: 914.329.9436  





Business Management Executive

Dynamic and inventive Business Management Executive with 12 years of experience conceptualizing, developing, and implementing complex solutions to reduce costs, increase efficiency, and enhance productivity for organizations on a global scale. Hands on Manager leveraging significant international experience and leadership skills to guide, mentor, and empower top performing teams.  Possess sharp financial and analytical acumen with demonstrated success in rapidly identifying and improving upon key areas of weakness and maximum business impact.  

Areas of Expertise:

Program & Project Management  Financial Accountability  Strategic Planning  Government Accounting                               Regulatory Compliance  Process Improvement  Change Management  Executive Presentations 

FP&A  M&A Due Diligence  Pricing  Major Program Start Ups  Global Operations

	Professional Experience

	PAE Government Services Inc. / Lockheed Martin Co. – Arlington, VA	2006 to Present

Government contractors providing full spectrum security and operational support to the defense and intelligence community and other government agencies of the United States. (PAE Former Lockheed Martin company.)

	Sr. Business Operations Manager/Program Manager                                                                                 2013 to Present

Direct report to EVP and GSLO, CFO.  Senior Business Manager and key leader in a $2B corporate restructuring following major acquisition; successful execution of several key initiatives at corporate and program levels. Oversee all financial business operation initiatives of a nine programs directorate and 10 Finance/Accounting personnel focused on providing infrastructure services support to DoS, DoD, German FG, IAP and LM customers.  

Lead team member in a $2B company acquisition integration effort.  Working closely with executive management to analyze, develop, and align company goals, policy and processes with newly acquired acquisitions.  Strategically coordinating organizational restructure across multiple platforms while maintaining all program and business needs with little to no disruption to Finance, Accounting, Legal, Contracts, Subcontracts, Procurement, Proposal Pricing and BD.  Conducting GAP analyses to established synergy and streamline services that create cost effective solutions for our customers while maintaining program efficiency and compliance.

Established and integrated baseline business operation functionality, introduced Financial Planning and Analysis concepts to our acquired business including bottoms-up EAC, direct and indirect rates, cross-segment utilization, booking rate revenue recognition from services to product accounting, monthly program-level financial review, risk assessed fee development, Long Range Planning, and other critical financial and cash management practices. Accomplished implementation of these concepts by providing training and mentoring, hands-on process re-engineering, and management of schedule and resource re-allocation.

Assumed business management oversight of nine programs with estimated annual sales of $80M.  Established corrective action plans, revamped business processes, developed training, and adjusted future planning and analysis to mitigate a $2M loss and in 2014, securing a profitable outlook for 2015 and beyond.

	Program Manager                                                                                                                                                                            2011 to 2013

Direct report to Global line of business VP.  PM of a $60M+ annual revenue directorate comprised of four programs providing training and operations and maintenance services around the globe to NSF, DoS, UN and Lockheed Martin customers.  Multi-tasked across various platforms and levels at once, developing clear detailed plans in order to ensure program feasibility and completion timelines.  Addressed and solutioned issues in real-time.  Collaborated with clients, supervisors, staff and peers, to dictate responsibilities, offer constructive feedback and motivation in ways to support and encourage all.

Oversaw the negotiation, difiitization and all day-to-day activities on the Antarctic Support Contract a $40M annual revenue contract during its first ever multi-subcontracted award. Executed a successful startup program launch while undergoing PAE’s divesture from Lockheed Martin.  Saw the program through to a healthy maturity, earning outstanding customer reviews and excellent award fee scores of 90% or better exceeding all functional company goals and initiatives.

Recruited 4000+ candidates, on-boarded and termed approximately 800+ employees.  Established a highly complex recruiting and staffing plan across multiple subcontractors.  Efficiently tracked all personnel to meet an extensive list of jobs, physical and logistical flight manifest requirements while staying HR compliant, within budget and meeting operational needs. 

Implemented an OSHA regulatory compliant Employee Safety and Health plan with the ability to maintain the integrity of employee safety yet bend to the austere Antarctic region.  Accomplished a 50% reduction in Reportable Incidents, dramatically influencing insurance costs stability.  

Orchestrated two emergency airlifts from Antarctica to New Zealand under this plan during winter months when logistics are almost unattainable.   

Developed, proposed, and executed quick-turn logistic operational programs of roughly $20M in annual revenue involving the development, refurbishment and/or sustainment of roads, compounds and airports.  Coordinated across a vast breath of in and out-house knowledge to include: procurement, logistics, setup, operations and maintenance of equipment, supplies and resources throughout the African landscape.

	Business Operations Manager                                                                                                                                                     2009 to 2011					

Managed a directorate of $160M+ annual revenue with Lockheed Martin through the divesture of PAE. Managed, trained, and mentored a team of 20 finance/accounting personnel in facilitated full cycle business operations. Ensured contractual compliance, cost management, analyses, configuration management and proposal support.  Developed and delivered LRP’s in Orders, Sales, EBIT, Cash and Capital Assets ensuring all deliverables met or exceeded with variance justification. Examined, compiled, and presented financial results to Lockheed Martin Executive Leadership on a monthly and quarterly basis.

Significant member in developing more than $450M of organic new businesses in 3 years, in addition was an intricate team member on follow-up of CJPS IDIQ contract vehicle with a ceiling value of over $10B 

Directed Tiger Team, turning a $161M outstanding AR balance into positive cash flow, collecting more than $100M in one year for the first time in the 5 year life span of the contract vehicle.

Substantially reduced DSO over 30% by utilizing Lean Six Sigma concepts to devise and implement new policies and procedures, to balance sheet practices and procedures, strengthening internal controls with increased financial result transparency. Oversaw operations for $100M revolving credit line between Lockheed Martin and PAE, ensuring daily operability and efficient global operations for Joint Venture, Civilian Police Program in 10 locations

Successfully completed the financial stand up for multiple international contracts to include: implementing business processes, setting standard operating procedures, creating work breakdown structures, budget development, and training business managers and personnel in multiple facets of business operations.

Established customer required Earned Value Management metrics by coordinating Planned Value against Actual Cost and Earned Value on training programs in Afghanistan. 

Lowered month end close time 50% by revamping established reporting processes, leading to increased transparency into variances and more timely delivery of results to key decision-makers. 

	Pricing Policy Analyst Sr.                                                                                                                                                   2008 to 2009

Supported Lockheed Martin pricing in developed and communicated strategic, financial, and operative implications of proposed pricing policy and develop solutions to a variety of complex tasks, proposals and problems.  Recommended pricing positions and reimbursement strategies for products across all relevant customer and market segments, ensuring results were consistent with organization objectives and in accordance with LM disclosure statements.  

Assisted in the implementation of ProPricer software and administered training programs for all future stakeholders, as well as remained a lead POC for all reach back necessary.  Developed company solutions for tool limitations, marrying the complexities of price modeling with company disclosure statements, rate structures and pricing regulations.

Assembled and presented rate build ups, financial models and their assumptions to upper management on proposals ranging from $1M to $1B in value on T&M, CP, CR, FFP, contract types.

Reviewed competition and determined Price to Win (PTW) points for new products and provided input on final contract pricing.

	Financial Analyst Sr.                                                                                                                                                                          2007 to 2008

Managed full cycle financial operations for multiple Lockheed Martin international contracts with the DoD. Accountable for financial estimating, billing, and budget control on variety of T&M, CP, CR and FFP programs.  Monitored and performed in depth analysis on cost variances, trends, manpower, budgets, and funding.  Created and provided LRP, ETC, EAC and consumer forecasting reports and analysis for program managers.  Responsible for month-end closing activities and assisted in assembling and presenting results to senior management.  

Lead Analyst in alleviating a Cure Notice to effectively organize and clear 6 months of AR and a 200+ DSO on the highly visible GTMO program.

Led functional analyst in planning/implementing SWIFT program transition to SAP and PeopleSoft systems.  Ensuring all business policies and procedures met all proper internal controls, including adherence to budget control and compliance with GAAP, FAR and customer requirements.

Certified Field Pricer in cost estimating efforts on all Task Order Vehicles. 

	Other Professional Experience                                                                                                                                                 2004 to 2007

	Lockheed Martin, Financial Analyst, Alexandria, VA - 2006-2007

	Carat USA, Assistant Buyer, New York, NY - 2006-2006

	Iona College, Advancement Associate, New Rochelle, NY - 2004-2006

	Systems

Cost Accounting Systems: PeopleSoft, SAP, Microsoft Dynamics, Deltek Costpoint, Cognos & TM1 Reporting

High level of proficiency in full Microsoft Office Suite

	Clearance

U.S. Government

Top Secret Security Clearance (2015)
Top Secret Security Clearance (2008)

	Education

Iona College, Hagen School of Business

Masters of Business Administration (MBA), Financial Management, GPA 3.5

Iona College

Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BS), Marketing, GPA 3.3

	Awards & Affiliations

Multiple PAE Spot Awards for outstanding performance

Lockheed Martin Team Excellence Award: Delivering Effective Results – Team Member

Awarded the Lockheed Martin Corporate SIA/LM21 Lean Six Sigma event of the Month Award – Team Leader

Multiple Lockheed Martin Spot Award for outstanding performance

Lockheed Martin Vector Award for extraordinary work on cash flow

Team expert for various SIA/LM21 events



Page 1 of 4



Page 4 of 4\n
SHREYA SHETTY
College Park, Maryland 20740 ∎ (301) 747-8999 ∎sshetty3@umd.edu
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Expected Graduation Date: May 2017
Master of Science in Telecommunications Engineering
GPA: 3.95
Relevant Coursework: Cloud Computing, Algorithms and Data Structures, Intelligent Wireless Technologies (Internet of Things,
Intelligent Transport Systems, Smart Grid Systems), Decision Support Modelling, Telecommunications Marketing Management,
Networks and Protocols.
University of Pune, Pune, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering

Graduation Date: May 2013
GPA: 3.8

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Social Solutions Global Inc.
Baltimore, MD
Software Engineering Intern, Product Development
May 2016 – Aug 2016
 Assisted with Development and Testing of ASP .NET solutions using C#, HTML and JavaScript programming.
 Worked with Engineering Services towards Maintaining, troubleshooting and testing the cloud based networking infrastructure.
 Developed and tested reports using SAP Business Objects, Crystal Reports and SQL stored procedures.
 Performed Unit, Regression, Load, Performance and Sanity testing for AWS based deployments in US, Canada and Europe.
 Assisted with Automation Testing of the entire “Batch Upload Module” on Telerik Test Studio using C# scripting.
Deloitte Consulting
Bengaluru, India
Business Technology Analyst
Jan 2014 – Jul 2015
Consulted for a major American healthcare client with their Electronic Medical Record infrastructure as an EPIC Systems Consultant.*
and got trained on using ASP .NET framework with C# scripting, HTML, CSS, JavaScript & SQL for Website Development.
 Worked with clients and team-members to diagnose problems and resolve issues in their Claims Processing workflow.
 Trained new members to understand the workflows and complex Business Rules Engine builds.
 Reduced turnover time from 1 hour to 5 minutes per day by automating the daily dashboard generation process in Excel.
 Migrated the project’s data visualization from Excel to Tableau.
* EPIC Certified in Resolute Hospital Billing Administration, Claims, Electronic Remittance, Single Billing Office
Tata Institute of Fundamental Research
Narayangaon, India
Research Intern
Jul 2013 – Dec 2013
 Designed, implemented and tested a “Packetized Beamformer” which is used for pulsar research at GMRT (world's largest
array of radio telescopes at meter wavelengths) for this project in collaboration with University of California, Berkeley’s
CASPER group (Center for Astronomy Signal Processing and Electronics Research) using Simulink, C and Python.
PROJECTS
 Python Application: Designed a Real Time simulator of a Cellular Base Station in Python to analyze GSM network performance
based on parameters like Handoff Margin, No of channels, Different Path Losses (Propagation, Antenna Discrimination, Fading)
 Kalman Filter with Tuning: Developed and tested a Kalman filter in MATLAB for object tracking by Multisensory Data Fusion.
 UDP Socket Programming using Java: Developed a client-server application in Java to establish reliable data transfer while
using the unreliable UDP protocol by building the reliability into the application itself by means of timeouts, retransmissions and
integrity checks. Implemented the RC4 encryption algorithm to ensure data security.
 LTE & GSM Network Deployment: Designed and implemented a mock deployment of a 30 base station GSM & 4 base station
LTE Network in the Washington DC and College Park areas respectively using Mentum Planet.
 Optical Character Recognition and Face Recognition: Designed systems for Optical Character Recognition and Face
Recognition in MATLAB using concepts of Image Processing, Statistics, Fuzzy Computing, Computer Vision, Machine Learning.
 Industrial Automation System Prototype: Developed a prototype of an industrial automation system to show the real time
processing of object separation which minimizes human interference using Computer Vision, Digital Image Processing,
Microcontrollers and Artificial Neural Networks.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
 Programming Languages:
 Network Protocols:
 Wireless Technologies:
 Reporting & Testing Tools:
 Software’s:

C, C#, Java, Python, HTML, JavaScript , CSS, ASP .NET
TCP/IP, UDP, DNS, DHCP, RIP, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, HTTP, SNMP, ICMP
GSM, CDMA, HSPA, UMTS, OFDM, LTE, WiMax
SAP Business Objects, Microsoft SQL server Report Builder, Telerik
Markstrat, Mentum Planet, Matlab, Eclipse, Simulink, SQL Server, MySQL, Tableau, R Studio

\n
Christopher Blake Heath Resume[Type here][Type here]

Christopher Blake Heath

ACTIVE SECERT CLEARANCE

EDUCATION

Associates in Microsoft Engineering, Oakwood University, Huntsville, Alabama, 2011, GPA 4.0

Bachelors in both Biology & Chemistry, University of North Alabama, Florence, Alabama, 1992, GPA 3.5.

Masters in Information Systems, University of Phoenix, 2015, GPA 3.7.

CERTIFICATIONS 



(COMPTIA) A+, Security +, Network+, Certification, XP Certification, MCP, MCTS Windows 7, MCITP Windows 7, and all MS applications.

(Currently working on: MCSE & SharePoint certifications)



COMPUTER SKILLS

Operating Systems: All Windows Applications: NT, Server, 95, 98, ME, 2000, XP, Vista, 7, and 8, 10 and MS 365 Suite, Linux (know all commands).

Databases: dbase III+, MS Access, MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2012 {2008 R2}, Query Designer, Sybase SQL, Oracle, SAP.

Microsoft Office: {All versions, including 365 Suite} Words, EXCEL, Outlook, PowerPoint, OneDrive, SharePoint 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013 & 2016, Visual Studio, SharePoint Designer, Visio, FrontPage, and InfoPath.

Web Application Framework:  SharePoint 2003, 2007, 2010 & 2013, NET, ASP.NET, Silverlight, SharePoint Designer 2007 & 2010, Glassfish, WebLogic, Angular JS.

Other Supporting Software: .NET Framework, Abode Photoshop, Abode Flash, and other Abode Software, VMWARE {off MS}, InfoPath 2007 & 2010, AJAX, SAP, {ERP}, IBM, and Business Objects Desktop Business Intelligence, SSAS (SQL Server Analysis Services), and SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services), Windows Server Update Service; AKA SUS (Software Update Services) & High Charts.  

Graphics Software: Abode Fireworks, Abode Photoshop, Abode Illustrator, and Fireworks, Poser 6, and Dreamweaver CS5.

Servers: Virtualization: VMware ESX Servers, VCenter, VSphere, VMotion. 

Servers: Citrix, Windows Sever 2000/2008/2012/2014 {Window server 2008 R2; Hyper-V Virtualization off x86-64}, SQL Server 2000/2005/2008, Microsoft Virtual Server 2003, MS SP Portal Server 2010/2013/2016, Virtual PC, Microsoft Exchange, Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition, SP Portal Server, Windows SP Services, and SP Server 2007 & 2010, Hyper V, PostgreSQL.



Reporting Services: Crystal Reports (SAP SE), SAP Business Objects (BO or BOB), dashboards, SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services).

Storage Devices EMC, SAN/ NAS.

Directory Services: Active Directory, eDirectory, Role Based Services Rights Delegation.

Terminal Services: Various Remote Desktop Services, Remedy, Terminal Services, and Citrix XenApp.

Languages: Java, JavaScript, CSS3, HTML, JQuery, Visual Basic, ASP.NET, C++ (working on learning more), Ajax, Windows PowerShell, SQL, TSQL, .NET, and XML.

EXPERIENCE OVERVIEW

Fifteen years of IT experience; to include, but not limited to, helpdesk as a Tier II and III, System Administrator III-IV status, IT Lead Desktop Controller. As a helpdesk analyst, resolved & created solutions to IT and SharePoint issues.

Ten years of SharePoint experience, to include but not limited to: creation of farms, infrastructure, installation, migration, architecture, structure, site template customization, content management, collaboration, master pages, permissions (security), custom, pages, document libraries, built-in-lists, document libraries, site collections, support,  custom lists and SP libraries, workflows, features, and solutions, maintenance for testing, production and disaster SP environments, converts specifications into computer code, analyzes code for test, finding errors, NLB, document all changes to code, program specifications from upper management, customers, and team members, resolved help desk errors that were reported, technical specializations to include programing for SP needs, creates dashboards, metrics, design and deploy InfoPath forms, custom web parts, multi-server farm maintenance, content and storage, teaching classes on SP, CA, STSDM, built sites & workflows, with the help of other software applications & programs etc.; SP 2007, 2010, 2013 & 2016.  

At Lockheed, I was the lead in the migration process from 2007 to 2010.  Also, I had a lot roles in the migration at DLA. For example, I oversaw the CA operations for building the foundation of the Farm, during the migration.  Migrated SP 2010 to 2013.  I can oversee and implement system upgrades and strategies.  

Corporate Trainer: taught classes on SharePoint 2007, 2010, 2013 & 2016.  Developed my own SharePoint material, via design, presented, managed and taught to classes of people in groups ranging from 25-80 pupils at a time. 

Designed SP through using SP Designer, Java, JavaScript, CSS, Angular JS, Visio, Visual Studios, Silverlight, HTML5, JQuery, Visual Basics, C++, & FrontPage, Access, Excel, Photoshop, and Adobe Applications, etc.

Experience in SQL server 2005/2008/2010/2013/2016, including R2 series, in reporting, implementation, business analytics, maintaining & optimizes SQL Server database & objects (for example: tables, procedures, queries, indexes, etc.).  Experience with third party application databases as well as SQL management tools; to include, but not limited to, security patches, and threat mitigation.

SQL management tools: SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), SSAS (SQL Server Analysis Services), & SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services).  

Metrics, analyzing, monitoring, and troubleshooting issues in loads of production as they come in, all issues needed to be resolved in a timely manner.   

Make sure that all servers work together to maintain a high availability for all cluster resources.  

I had all secured when the QA (testers, analyst) and UAT (service or a product) were set against a set of requirements to test accuracy. 

Establishing Standard Operating procedures & policies for the Support Team. I served as a subject matter expert on complex systems processes, and procedures. 

Government Energy Solutions, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama

Senior SharePoint Developer

1/2017-4/2017

Created High Charts to an expertise degree by using JavaScript, CSS, and HTML.

Create & support for the Microsoft SharePoint Designer 2010/2013 workflows and sites.

Extensively worked with SharePoint Client Object Model to work with provider hosted apps & azure web jobs, web parts, and developing custom solutions.

I have been working with SharePoint since 2007, as a Developer and Administrator, with Farm experience.

Excellent understanding when it comes to utilizing SharePoint Designer to modify the Master Pages and CSS pages to conform to policies and customer requirements.

Proven ability to analyze problems, root causes, and develops innovative solutions to business challenges and streamlining operations.

Strong interpersonal, team skills and ability to interact with people at various personalities. 

Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Experience which includes the Product installation, Configuration, Administration, Development of Custom Web Parts, Workflows, Features and Site Templates using Visual Studio.

Implemented ASP.Net validations and JavaScript, JQuery, VB, HTML, & XML methods in the code wherever required.

Created custom Approval workflow using VS 2010.

Installation, configuration, upgrade, architecture, site template customization, Site definition customization, taxonomy, content management, collaboration, Workflow, custom web parts, reports, InfoPath Forms, master pages, content types, features, solutions, Excel Services, UI Branding.

Used JQuery, JavaScript, HTML5 and JSON to create interactive responsive pages, for customers.

Analyzed business and system needs and suggest solutions that leverage SharePoint out-of-the-box functionality.

Expertise in Web-Development technologies for User Interface Development like HTML, JavaScript, CSS, JSON, and JQuery.

Created complex workflows using SharePoint designer 2010/2013.

Intensively worked with the SP Server Object Model during the creation of the dynamic web parts and document workflow. 

Developed Pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery.

		Vista Technologies, Huntsville, Alabama (Redstone/NEC-R)

		System Administrator IV	

		Senior SharePoint Developer & SQL Administrator/Developer

		10/2015-2/2016

Regional Center (NEC-R) for the Southeastern portion of the United States.

In charge of all servers hosted by the NEC-R, & for other entities. 

Strong backgrounding in T-SQL writing stored procedures, triggers, and functions.

Proficiency and expertise in SQL Server Replication, Backup/Recovery, Disaster recovery and planning.

Lead for SharePoint, and SQL Databases for across Redstone Arsenal. 

Provide access control management as a scalable service. 

Worked on configuring SQL Server with maximum/SIPR privileged access.

Oversaw the SQL Servers for the entire Redstone Arsenal/ in charge of all SQL Servers.

Configuring / Administrating SharePoint Farm, AD, SQL Server 2012/2008.

Handled all maintenance (patches, service packs, etc.) for all 2008 thru 2016 SQL Servers.

Handled multiple SQL Instances on Cluster environment for Server Consolidation projects built on SAN using RAID levels.

Maintained all STIGS, policies and procedures. 

Troubleshoot performance problems, fine-tuning of databases and index Analysis.

Maintained individual service accounts for SQL Server services on cluster with different Security groups (permissions).

Working knowledge in Analysis Services (SSAS), Reporting Services (SSRS), SSIS (SQL Server Integration Systems) and Clustering.

Amazing ability to design and implement custom web parts.

Collaborated with management and users regarding project status and needs.

Create and programed responsive SharePoint website designs with master pages, page layouts, themes, display templates with CSR / JS Link, JavaScript, jQuery, Java.

Strong experience in designing, implementing, and maintaining MS SP, SQL 2008/2012, IIS, Windows Clustering, Network Load Balance, .Net Environments, etc.

Bootstrap, CSS, Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, and SharePoint Designer, etc. 

Analysed the requirements and designed an implementation plan.

Specialized in created the Master Pages for the Branding of the website using SharePoint Designer, etc.

Created SP websites on a Centralized Portal level.

Improved website performance, optimized templates and streamlined website designs using web standards and CSS to facilitate user’s requirements.

Extensive experience in the Data Warehousing implementations, Data Migration and ETL for Retail, Product Development, and Finance.

Worked on Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers and SQL queries and for loading the data (staging) to enhance and maintain the existing functionality.

Experience in developing Stored Procedures, Functions, Views and Triggers, Complex SQL queries using SQL Server, TSQL and Oracle PL/SQL.

Worked on Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers and SQL queries and for loading the data (staging) to enhance and maintain the existing functionality.

I was the only person that the Director would allow to create, design, & implement the Website that respectively representing the South-eastern NEC-R Division.  I created it from scratch.



Lockheed Martin, Huntsville, Alabama (Redstone Arsenal)/ (Contract) 

Migration Engineer

3/2016-6/2016



Established and migrated straggles, migrated OS 7 to O S10 to machines.

Some troubleshooting of issues with the OS 10 on the machines,

Highly-skilled in troubleshooting hardware, software on computers, LAN, WAN, and some high skilled implementations that needed to be resolved on classified computers.

Setup, deployed, and maintained of end-user machines

Performed regular system performance checks and identified any potential issues

Identified and resolved hardware and software issues.

Assist team members and provide support and solutions to customer queries to meet. Company Objectives.

Maintain updated knowledge of company products and services to had better provide company and client support.

Provided networking solutions for corporate clients with enhanced modem capacity to meet the organizational requirements.

Provide database migration, integration, and management services to the clients.

Perform onsite and remote analysis of computer and network issues.

Install, configure and test hardware and software.

Troubleshoot issues with hardware, software, and peripherals.

Prepare tests and applications for monitoring desktop performance.

Perform preventive maintenance.

Instructed end users in the use of software, personal computers, and networks.

Used client ticketing system to provide support.

Provided ongoing hardware and software support.

Installed and repaired laptops and computers.

Reported metrics on the work that had been established.

ARMY Contract Command, Huntsville, Alabama

SharePoint Web Content Manager

11/2013-9/2014

Deep knowledge of content management applications, Content Management System
Outstanding knowledge web user interface and its concepts.
Exceptional skills in web design and prepared strategies.

Maintain 152 Customers and 26 Divisions.

Create SharePoint Websites and maintain the Websites, once created

Provided technical support to IT support staff.

Coordinated with project sponsors and managing editors and developed project scope and managed content accordingly.

Developed content matrix and prepared various metadata values for content.

Designed content for website, evaluated content and edited it as required.

Ensured compliance to all editorial style while preparing content for websites.

Performed troubleshoot on content and performed tests on same.

Improved SharePoint security by proposing and implementing improved security access controls and policies.

Worked with Designer, Active Directory, all Adobe Graphics (Fireworks, Dreamweaver, etc.), & other software & programs.

Planned various SharePoint sites including creating document libraries, lists, and web part content using Microsoft Visio.

Created Workflows with various programs

Improved SharePoint security by proposing and implementing improved security access controls and policies

Provided companywide training for SharePoint 2013 & 2016.  I trained classes of 25-60 customers, which include all employees of their branches of governement, the basic and intermediate skills of SharePoint 2013 & 2016. All coursework was managed, implemented, prepared and developed by me.  

Worked with upper mangement, engineers, assurance personnel to make sure that customers received the equal amount of complaiance within SharePoint 2013 & 2016.

Brown Bag lunches were presented as technicial tips in SharePoint 2013 & 2016, for those people who wanted to gain further knowledge and comprehensation of the application.  

Metrics were created and kept up to date on those who attended my courses of SharePoint 2013 & 2016.

Create, modifies, update image files, icons, and mockups, to aquire feedback from others users.

Ensures full database to meet the customers’ requirements, while adhering to DoD/DISA.

Manage customer sites and mandates site collections functionality and make sure they are configured in compliance with local policies and configuration standards.  



FBI Hazardous Device School, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama

System Administrator IV/SharePoint Administrator & Developer

6/2013-11/2013



Configures PC Systems for incoming military personnel

Participates in budget meetings to discuss requirements for upcoming IT/SharePoint equipment.

Maintains backups for the all 6 servers, by verifying the integrity and implementing disaster recovery

Servers repair, maintenance, updates, and handling of infrastructural aspects.

Participates in NEC-R (Redstone) IT power planning meetings.

Handles the maintenance of cameras and other photographic equipment.

Connectivity of the network, and all activities that must be done with the networks for servers and PCs.

Troubleshooting all computer issues, basic to advance issues. 

Upgrades, patches, virus software, etc on machines.

Maintain the FBI classified database.

Make sure that all machines are hooked up and ready for use in classrooms.

Installation of Web Browsers from Firefox to IE.

Ensure full databases met the customers’ requirements, while adhering to DoD/DISA mandates.

Manage customer sites and mandates site collections functionality and make sure they are configured in compliance with local policies and configuration standards.  

Expertise in solving any issues related SharePoint Environment and SQL server.

Experienced in working with clients, gathering requirements, and translating those into system improvements.

Expertise in Adding/Changing/Removing users and user group permissions for various sites, updating content & changing navigation.

Extensively worked on Power Shell to provide full access to applicable application programming interfaces (APIs), along with the ability to unlock the capability to interact directly with SP 2010.

Extensively Designed, Developed and Tested WSS Site Templates, Custom Web Parts, & Custom Templates.

Experience in systems/network administration, managing multi-platform environments, network design, as well a system, server, and workstation optimization, Management of Server, Installation & Configuration of LAN/WAN product including Hub, Switches, and Routers etc.

Good communication and strong interpersonal skills with quick adaptability to new environment.

Extensively Worked On Web Parts, Custom List, Document Libraries And Picture Libraries Using SharePoint Object Model.



Defense Logistics Agency (DLA), Redstone Arsenal, Alabama 

IT Support Specialist Lead / IASO Officer / SharePoint Administrator

11/1/2011-2/21/2013

Implementing IT system security in the organization to ensure safety of data and IT systems.

In charge of the management and maintenance of all computer work stations and laptops.

Provide expert technical support to the computer for customers in the organization.

Interact with clients daily to be able to see and understand their IT problems and provide competent solutions to these problems. 

Communicate with top management in regard to IT related issues.

In charge of the ARMY Email Server Migration for my team members. 

Migrated from the ARMY network to the DLA network. DLA received their own servers.

Maintain the Citrix Server so team members can log in to access particular applications needed for their jobs. I mapped Citrix for those people who did not have access, and installed it for those who needed it on desktop. Fix Citrix errors. 

Other: troubleshoot blackberry phones, Active Directory, MS Exchanger Servers- configuration along with other problems with email, domains, TCP/ IP, VPN, File Transfer, Administration Rights, configure and troubleshoot printers and perform maintenance on printers, network operations, AKO, CAC/PKI, Java, installing and uninstalling software, hardware issues software issues upgrades, patches, reimaging, inventory, handled all issues that come up with all computers, laptops, or any apparatus. 

CISCO telecommunications.

Co-Coordinated with Customer Support Manager for the installation process of the BRAC project.

I am the IASO Officer in charge of signing all documents to get individuals access to a computer, etc. (2875, VPN, User Agreements, etc.).

Server Maintenance. (SAN, monthly maintenance, etc.)

I advised people on how to use SharePoint 2010 for the new migration page. 

Lead IT Support Specialist. Supervised 8 people.

From 4/2012 through 9/2012, I resided as the Corporate Trainer.  I taught classes on SharePoint 2010 and SharePoint 2013.  DLA migrated from SP 2010 to SP 2013 during the time I was teaching, so both were included. Traveled 3 weeks out of the month.  I was responsible for creating and developing course work from selected books chosen via upper management.  I also offered classes on all Microsoft Office Applications, except Project. 

Ensures full database to meet the customers’ requirements, while adhering to DoD/DISA mandates. Manage customer sites and mandates site collections functionality and make sure they are configured in compliance with local policies and configuration standards. 

Involved in backup, restore and moving Content DB from old SQL Database Server to new SQL Database Server, due to the migration.

 Extensively worked with Central Administration portion to perform server reports, manage errors, logging, web applications, site collections and optimizations.

Experience with Excel Calculation services, SQL Server Reporting Services, Analysis Services, PowerPivot and other services in SharePoint.

Implemented custom document centres’ and Wiki’s for each individual site with the inclusion of private and shared document canters’

Provided end-user support and documentation for users.

Create and managed SharePoint Lists using SharePoint designer and Central Administration.



Eagle Support Corporation, Huntsville, Alabama

Contract Specialist

1/1/2011-8/1/2011

Supported and participated in contract negotiations.

Handled the tasks of reviewing, updating, and maintaining contract documents.

Responsible for preparing contractual provisions and administrating contract documents.

Prepared negotiation specifications and bids to plan and accomplish the set goals. 

Developed, researched and briefed government customers and senior management.

Handled the tasks of approving and rejecting proposals for deviations from delivery schedules and contract specifications. 

Monitored and evaluated performance of contracts to determine extension of contracts and compliance to the contractual obligations. 

Responsible for the development of comprehensive acquisition strategies that define pricing terms, contract type, evaluation/selection methodology and schedule.

Prepared and utilized proposal development worksheet for strategic planning.

Deltek (GCS Premier), Cost Plus, T&M, and FFP contacts.



EMCO/Lockheed Martin, Madison, Alabama

Helpdesk Analyst Level II and SharePoint Administrator & Developer

11/2007-11/2010



SharePoint Administrator-Managed SP 2007 & migrated to 2010. Responsible for the full life cycle of the SharePoint system including, planning, design, development, testing, integration, deployment, and maintenance of both levels. Control of access permissions at every level, site deployment and configuration, and created various workflows. Implement SP solutions using managerial decisions, make sure that the solutions are designed, configured, and deployed in accordance with SP practices and policies. 

Related SP issues with the IT department to understand system and configuration needs to for supported applications. 

Addressed all IT trouble tickets that dealt with SharePoint. 

Applied my experience with SP 2010 and 2007 architecture & server configuration. 

Identified and implemented technologies and methods of using existing technology to help users work more efficiently. 

Helpdesk level II/III tech: Investigated issues reported by customers and vendors in a timely and efficient manner.

Remedy Ticketing System and intermediate knowledge of Support Soft as remote software.

Helped with the upper level Management. (Network Adm, metrics, etc.)

Software, hardware, window servers (MS 2003, Cisco, etc.) Groove, Support Soft Active Directory, MS Exchanger Servers, P2, passwords, troubleshooting blackberry phones, DS and applications, TCP/ IP, DHCP, SMS, VPN, VTC, Citrix, GOTS, File Transfer, Administration rights, Configure along with other problems with Email, Mainframe, configure and troubleshooting of printers and maintenance on printers, upgrade all OS (to include all Microsoft Operating Systems, for example ME, 2000, Windows XP/Vista/Win 7, etc.), modems and scanners, DNS, install all new apparatus (hard drives), OS, Oracle based Software, Java, CAC/PKI, Java, and other Enterprise client side applications, depth in multiple areas, servers, document storage, networks and operations, Media Storage, ERP Systems, AKO, and audio and video apparatus, continue on all knowledge on PCs', back up on all PCs', RFID, Globe Ranger, Pushed software, Patches, Web Sphere and all IA functions. 

PC Repair and upgrades to the PCs

Lead group that concentrated on the solidarity of the migration of SharePoint 2007 to SharePoint 2010.   Responsible for, but not just limited too: permissions, server maintenance, installation, farms, security, infrastructure, architecture, structure, site template customization, content management, collaboration, etc.

Ensures full database to meet the customers’ requirements, while adhering to DoD/DISA mandates.

Manage customer sites and mandates site collections functionality and make sure they are configured in compliance with local policies and configuration standards. 

Worked together as team to accomplish migration.  I was a lead.  But coordinated support sparked the migration to be completed in an organized manner.  



CAREER ACCOMPLISHMENTS



Established and implemented mitigation strategies /Migrated OS 7 to OS 10 on 300 computers for the employer.

Networking: Data Communication and Networking, TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, WINS, IIS, FTP, IE, Netscape, Client/Server, Active Directory, SMTP, LANs, Bridges, Switches, Routers Virtual Machines, SNMP, NIS+/NIS, LDAP, HTTP, HTTP, SAN / NAS, Fibre channel, VTC, SCSI, Servers.

Some out-of-the-box- & highly skilled projects resolved for the customers.

Highly skilled in troubleshooting hardware, software, LAN, WAN and operating system issues.

Setup, deployed, and maintained end-user machines.

Performed regular system performance checks and identified any potential vulnerability issues.

Identified and resolved hardware and software issues.

Assist team members and provide support and solutions to customer queries to meet company objectives.

Maintain updated knowledge of company products and services to had better provide customer support and service solutions.

Provided networking solutions for corporate clients with enhanced modem capacity to meet the organizational requirements.

Provide database migration, integration, and management services to the clients.

Perform onsite and remote analysis of computer and network issues.

Install, configure and test hardware and software.

Troubleshoot issues with hardware, software, and peripherals.

Prepare tests and applications for monitoring desktop performance.

Perform preventive maintenance.

Instructed end users in the use of software, personal computers, and networks.

Used client ticketing system to provide support.

Provided ongoing hardware and software support.

Installed and repaired laptops and computers.

Cooperate Trainer several times

Maintained servers Ex. Microsoft Servers, 2008/R2/2012 & SAN/NAS/iSCSi/DAS/ & Backup Storage & SQL DB to maintain infrastructure, and maintenance. 





1\n
Ishan Goradia
4316 Rowalt Drive #101

College Park, MD 20740

(240) 330-5904

ishan.goradia@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
2016
Master of Science in Information Systems; GPA: 3.6/4
Relevant Coursework: Data Mining, Project Management, Big Data, Business Process Analysis, Data Models and Decisions
Dwarkadas J. Sanghvi College of Engineering, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Focus Area: Computer Engineering

2015

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
FactGem, College Park, MD
Data Analyst Intern



Integrated Cypher queries in RStudio to extract transaction and customer data from graphical Neo4j database in order to gain
valuable insights through affinity analysis and data visualization.
Assisting the lead data scientist with performing the basket analysis using Cypher, and developed R scripts to speed up some
of the processing of the application.

Airpay Payment Services, Mumbai, India
Data Analyst Intern




May 2016 - Ongoing

2014

Gathered data by applying mining and filtering techniques on online sources and contributed to the expansion of existing
databases of the firm’s potential customers.
Interacted with a potential client and helped devise an innovative solution to increase their efficiency, thereby facilitating the
client signing on with the firm.

ACADEMIC EXPERIENCE
Predictive analysis of relationship between quality ranking of wine & its chemical properties




Utilized variable selection methods and developed predictive models using logistic regression, classification trees, and random
forest to accurately predict the quality of wine from examining the wine’s chemical properties with a 90% sensitivity rate.
Deep-dived into the data to create analyses and visualizations to draw insights and key metrics useful for decision-making.

Amazon Fine Food Reviews








2015

Developed a set of variables using Microsoft Excel and used variable transformation in a regression model to obtain the best
available choices from the given statistical data set.
Received extra credit for developing a model with high accuracy and low error rate when compared to actual results.

Database Management System for a Housing Community



2016

Curating and organizing big data spanning a period of 10 years and over 500,000 entries along with loading & managing it on
a Hadoop cluster using Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Analyzing the data by segments through the use of Pig & Hive to find seasonal patterns in the reviews, classifying reviewers’
nature based on tone & language, and building a prediction model using Spark to predict the sentiment of the reviews.

Regression-based analysis for predicting best diamond



2016

2015

Designed and developed an interactive database application for a housing community by creating a relational database that
manages resident details, their leases, payments and maintenance vendors.
Created and modified various Extract, Transform, Load SQL scripts to query the transactional database built with MS SQL
Server to display the result using HTML and PHP on a webpage.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION





Technical Skills: R, Cypher, Neo4j, SQL, Python, MS Excel, MS SQL Server, MS Project, Stat Tools, R Studio, Hadoop,
Amazon Web Services (AWS), Agile/SCRUM software development methodology.
Certification: Ethical Hacking & Information Security course, R Analytics certificate program.
Headed the event management team for college chapter of Computer Society of India (CSI); mentored and delegated
responsibilities to 20 volunteers for organizing workshops in college.

\n
Amanda Yu

    	                       9700 Skyhill Way· Rockville· MD 20850·301-502-8705·yubo0107@hotmail.com

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Mathematics	                               	    	             	          University of Maryland, College Park  

& Computer Science Minor	            			         School of Computer, Mathematical &Natural Sciences 

Excepted Grad: Summer 2017							          	   



COMPUTER SKLLS

Programming Language:  C, Java, C++, HTML, R, Python, Perl, Ruby, Ocaml, Prolog 

Other: Linux, MATLAB, Assembly, SAS



RELATED COURSES 

Object-Orientated Programming                           Discrete Structure 		Computational Methods

Probability Theory		Applied Probability and Statistics		Computer Systems		        

Algorithms		Computer Organization and Assembly Languages            Data Science 	

Advanced Calculus	 Advanced Linear Algebra

										    

EXPERIENCE 

Hughes Network System, EchoStar Company

Network engineering Intern (Network Infrastructure)                                                                             May 2015-Aug 2015

Acknowledged alarms from networks  in terms of being aware of causes and impact of issues and troubleshooting 

Configured private networks by using CISCO commands on VPN router

Managed assigned projects and program components to deliver services in accordance with established objectives

Designed, setup and configured complex switching environments 



Hughes Network System, EchoStar Company

Software engineering Intern                                                                 				     June 2016-Aug 2016

Scripted in C using JSON to implement web pages, editing IP addresses, and providing a platform for enterprise customers in transmitting data

Scripted in Perl based on big databases from network management system and routers,  and being able to parse useful data for users

Developed a CGI app which contained an API that read different type of files having data in JSMN format and fetched data based on given information  



KEY PROJECTS

Wrote the guts of a simple shell that supported Boolean operations, pipes, and file redirection with using testing method of makefile

Used dynamic memory allocation techniques to implement a variable-size hash table using closed addressing with  linked list chaining to handle collisions

Built a WordNet graph using Ruby, reading valid input files and construct structure based on WordNet properties 

Wrote an OCaml module to implement nondeterministic finite automaton and regular expressions  

Implemented a number of functions of Prolog that together were used to find solutions for mazes; logic, recursion and lists were applied 



OTHER EXPERIENCE (IPSEC)	

						     

Understood IPsec protocol which allows companies to establish communications between multiple locations 

Worked with different vendor platform to build IPsec tunnels between on-premises network and AWS network

Used AES-128 encryption and SHA-1 authentication methods with pre-defined /pre-shared key to establish IPsec phase one connection; Used AES-128, HMAC and DH groups to establish phase two connection

Used different symmetric encryption methods such as DES, 3DES and AES as well as asymmetric encryption methods to build multiple tunnels between different routers

Used ISAKMP and IPsec to debug in finding root causes from users’ configurations

Understood how main mode of IKE protocol works for phase one negotiation as well as quick mode for phase two

Used wireshark to capture packets and was able to analyze them\n
Miguel Lorenzo M. Aviles

1644 New Windsor Ct

Crofton, Maryland 21114

(703) 501-1932

maviles@umd.edu



OBJECTIVE	Dedicated and motivated computer science student seeking a programming internship, offering creativity, attention to detail, and skills complemented with sales experience to apply classroom knowledge and innovative ideas to more meaningful real-world applications and gain experience in the field.



EDUCATION		University of Maryland, College Park

Computer Science Major (3.04 GPA)

General Business Minor

Anne Arundel Community College (3.62 GPA)

Associate of Sciences, Engineering Transfer (Fall 2013)

Dean’s List (2012 - 2013)

South River High School (4.048 GPA)

President’s Award for Educational Excellence (2012)

Advanced Placement (AP) Diploma Endorsement (2012)

Certificate of Merit (2012)

AP Scholar with Distinction



COMPUTER SKILLS AND COURSES

Platforms:  Windows, Unix, Linux

Languages:  Java, C, Visual Basic, Assembly, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, Ruby, OCaml

Applications:  Eclipse, Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point, Eclipse, Wordpress, Adobe Acrobat Pro and Photoshop, Matlab

Major Courses:  Programming in C for Engineering, Digital Logic Design, Introduction to Computer Systems, Computer Organization, Object Oriented Programming, Signal and System Theory, Discrete Structures, Algorithms



EXPERIENCE	Thompson Creek Window Company (October 2012 - October 2014)

Canvass Representative:  Collaborated with a diverse sales team, canvassed neighborhoods and set in-home customer appointments with homeowners in order to promote Thompson Creek products.

Checkers Drive-In (October 2010 - November 2012)

Crew Member:  Performed food tasks in all stations of the restaurant, provided excellent customer service, mastered Point-of-Sale system, delegated tasks to the crew and assisted managers.

Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (June 28, 2010 - August 5, 2011)

GEMS (Gains in the Education of Mathematics and Science) Intern:  Researched a wide range of interdisciplinary topics including programming via in-depth, hands-on, and inquiry-based teaching modules.

Others: Web-designer for a local music talent (2016-present); member of Association for Women in Computing (2015 – present) to encourage women to join and stay in the Computer Science field; fundraiser for local fire departments (2015-2016); student in Project Lead the Way (2008-2012), a program focused on STEM fields.



SKILLS	Willingness to learn, commitment, dependability, self-motivation, team work, oral and written communication skills, problem solving ability\n
Zachary Goldman
7310 Dickinson Ave  College Park, MD 20740
(860) 368-1660  zgoldman@terpmail.umd.edu
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
College of Behavioral and Social Sciences, Bachelor of Arts
Economics Major – Leadership Studies Minor

May 2017

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Maxim Healthcare Services, Columbia, MD
June 2016 – August 2016
HR Specialist Intern
• Supported Benefits, Employee Relations and Talent Resources departments
• Recruited and interviewed experienced candidates
• Helped implement a business deal with Lifetime Fitness
• Used Microsoft Excel and company software to organize data; trained employees on software usage
Facilities, Operations and Events, College Park, MD
October 2013 – Present
Operations Supervisor
• Execute new tactics to increase efficiency
• Lead groups of 3 to 6 people to prepare athletic facilities for events
• Divide coworkers amongst different tasks and periodically check on their progress
• Greet customers as they enter athletic facilities and handle complaints
Aflac, Silver Spring, MD
June 2015 – August 2015
Insurance Agent Intern
• Pursued prospective clients by connecting with key executives and HR personnel
• Prepared notes during potential client meetings
• Sourced employees with qualified marketing/business backgrounds
• Earned Maryland Accident and Health Insurance License
Fund for the Public Interest, Hartford, CT
Canvasser
• Raised an average of $550 dollars a week from donations
• Presented campaign to an average of 30 households per day
• Shadowed by new employees

June 2014 – August 2014

LEADERSHIP TRAINING
Phi Sigma Kappa Fraternity, College Park, MD
January 2015 – May 2015
Vice President
• Ensured that 22 committee chairmen were working towards goals I set forth
• Worked weekly with fellow executive board members to improve our organization
• Implemented a new system to provide networking opportunities
Phi Sigma Kappa Fraternity, College Park, MD
September 2014 – December 2014
Philanthropy/Community Service Chair
• Planned an event with over 100 attendees, which raised over $6000
• Contacted local business owners to receive donations for the event
• Organized multiple trips of more than 20 students to volunteer at Special Olympics events
Shonk Undergraduate Leadership School, Indianapolis, IN
August 2014
• Selected to represent the UMD Phi Sigma Kappa Chapter to attend the national Phi Sigma Kappa
leadership school
• Attended lectures, workshops and networking sessions on ways to improve recruitment, organization and
budget
• Implemented new methods of recruitment and organization to improve the chapter during the 2014-2015
Academic Year

\n
Saada S. Redi
5019 Benning Road, SE
Washington, DC 20019
(202)460-5027, Redi1@umbc.edu

EDUCATION

University of Maryland Baltimore County, Baltimore MD
Bachelor of Arts in Business Technology Administration
Major GPA: 3.6/4.0, Cumulative GPA: 3.1/4.0
Anticipated graduation May 20017
Prince George’s Community College, Largo, Maryland
General education 2012-2014
Cumulative GPA 3.4

SKILLS

Data Modeling, Microsoft Office Suite, Windows OS, Mac OS, Computer
Networking and Business Computer Applications

EMPLOYMENT

HOME HEALTH AIDE
VMT Home Health Aide Agency, Washington DC, April, 2012-2016
ASAP Home Health Aide Agency, Washington DC, April 2016 - present


Assist with caring for senior citizens by providing
personal hygiene, housekeeping, and other related
support services such escorting my them to
doctor’s appointment and social events.



Observe, record and report vital signs and changes
in client’s condition to supervisor

INTERN
Trans Tech Academy, Washing DC, June 2011 –August 2011


Prepared for the Inter-Team Robotics competition
by exploring the world of engineering.



Programed robots to perform simple behaviors.

VOLUNTEER
SERVICES

Martha’s Table, Volunteer, 2011- 2014

PROFESSIONAL
AFFILIATION

INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ASSOCIATION

Sunrise Assisted Living Facility, Volunteer, 2011

Page 2

\n
ABBAS ROSHAN
8307, Curry PL, Adelphi, MD 20783 abbas.roshan@rhsmith.umd.edu 202.766.3269
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park GPA 3.82
Master of Science in Business (MSB) - Marketing Analytics
Recipient of 1st place award for Smith MS case competition
Coursework – Statistical Programming, Data Science, Advanced Marketing Analytics, Web Analytics
Mumbai University, India GPA 3.45
Master of Commerce - Management
H.R College of Commerce and Economics, Mumbai University, India
Bachelor of Management Studies – Finance
University Topper in company secretary and business law

May 2016

2013

GPA 3.66

2011

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
KPMG, Mumbai, India [4years 3 months]
2011 –2015
Management Consultant [Verticals: Banking and Finance, Manufacturing, Telecommunication, Media, Hospitality]










Analyzed existing business processes for large central bank to implement core banking software; developed a project
timeline, determined risk assessment of operations, controlled project status and acted as a liaison between client and
vendor for a $14.5 Million project.
Advised on SOX engagements for reviewing IT Operations and Business Processes for a $12.9 Billion Global metals
and mining company. Spearheaded and executed process audits and formulated 105 controls over five entities.
Benchmarked processes with the Control Objectives for Information related and Technology (COBIT) framework.
Supervised two analysts for an IT Operations review for an $18.6 Billion metals manufacturing company. Compiled
150+ controls and observed 33% process gaps. Ensured 100% compliance to standard procedures across value
streams.
Led an Internal Audit for Asia’s largest group of hotels valued at $15.08 Billion. Evaluated third party service
provider’s compliance with organizations policies; detected critical deficiencies across IT Operations and Payment
and Billing systems and reported to management. Improved process efficiency by 27%.
Audited and inspected 30+ IT processes and Applications as part of external audits for a Telecommunications
Company, Private Banks, Financial Services Firms, Entertainment Companies and Manufacturing firms in India
evaluating the Design and Operating Effectiveness of functional processes.
Devised a BCM plan for a media company, logistics provider and a government agency. Projected Business Impact
Analysis for Business Units. Administered support for defining ‘Recovery Time Objectives’ and ‘Recovery Point
Objectives’. Formulated business recovery and resumption strategies.
Presented comprehensive research data to clients; helped win an internal audit engagement valued at $150,000.
Researched on market viability of new technologies such as cloud computing, security analytics and gamification

PROJECTS






2015- 2016

Formulated generalized linear regression models and CART trees in R for a cell phone company to predict customers
likely to discontinue phone service and to create proactive churn management strategy that will reduce churn rates.
Designed linear, semi-log, and log-log regression models in SAS to estimate retail pricing decisions based on pointof-sales scanner data.
Estimated mixture regression models using GLIMMIX to identify segments of regions for a global retailer.
Created generalized linear models in SAS to analyze print ad designs using eye movement data

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION





Activities – Volunteer at KPMGs Corporate citizenship programs, Executive Assistant at the Rotaract club of Bombay.
Languages – English (fluent), Hindi (fluent), French (basic) and Gujrati (fluent)
Technical – SAS, GLIMMIX, R, SQL, Tableau and SPSS
Interests – Mixed Martial Arts, Scuba Diving, Swimming and New Technologies

ADAM (SIHANG) YAO
(240)475-0737 | Sihang.yao@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
University of Maryland, Robert H. Smith School of Business, College Park, MD
May 2016
Master of Science in Marketing Analytics
Shanghai International Studies University, Shanghai, China n
2011-2015
Bachelor of Business Management; GPA 3.4/4.0; First Class Scholarship (10%)
Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain
2013
Selected as one of 5 exchange students from 200 students for School of Business and Economics exchange program
University of California-Berkeley, Berkeley, CA
2013
Summer School in Economics

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
NIKE, Digital Marketing Department Intern, Shanghai, China

2014




Launched a nationwide campaign to encourage sports fans across three social media platforms with fellowship of $20,000
Analyzed data from variety of analytical tools including Google Analytics; measured website traffic against 15 KPIs and
optimized site design to increase user engagement which led to a 5% increase
2014
AirBed and Breakfast (Airbnb), Shanghai Marketing Intern, Shanghai, China



Maintained relationship with 10 key customers and reviewed customer experience ensuring 100% retention rate.
Analyzed consumer behavior via surveys, focus groups and developed social media marketing activities to enhance
market presence, localized and personalized all marketing works

Nick’s Regional Grocery Retailer, Action Learning Project, College Park, MD




2015-2016

Created a linear regression model, a semi-log model, and a log-log model by SAS to explore the effects of price discounts,
in-store displays and feature advertising on influencing consumers’ purchase incidence, brand choice, and purchase
quantity decisions for the juice category
Determined and advised client the optimal retail price for Tropicana orange juice 64 oz; explored the profit implications of
the optimal price recommendation
Researched the effects of combining multiple sales promotion vehicles for Tropicana and made recommendations on the
most effective in stimulating sales among the data from 228 households.

Hughes Network System, Action Learning Project, Germantown, MD
2015-2016

Collaborated with team to develop and manage data set of 394,344 household level observations and 123 variables;
analyzed data to identify potential opportunities in newly covered areas and improve marketing strategies.

Analyzed data and determined 7 segments through regression analysis and cluster analysis using R and SAS based on
demographic and geographic data of current and prior customers in the new areas covered by the new satellite Jupiter 2.

Recommended roll-out marketing strategies and new service introductions and customizations that would be more specific
to each segment

EXTRACURRICULAR& SOCIAL ACTIVITIES
Gujarat Public School, Volunteer, Baroda, India

Led an international team in planning and implementing the "No Whistle" project on strategic planning, budget
forecasting, and project time lines to solve the local noise pollution problems

2013

HCIA Leaders Club, President, Shanghai, China

2013




Mentored a team that implemented a one year business plan with capital investment of $2000
Performed due diligence and market research for China market entry

University Official Mobile Applications, Shanghai, China

Co-developed the university official APP product design based on marketing research and analysis

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION



Language: Chinese (native), English (fluent), Spanish (basic), Japanese (basic)
Data processing, SAS, R, SQL, SAP, Salesforce, Photoshop, Auto CAD entry

2013

Aditya Damle
aditya.damle@rhsmith.umd.edu

213.327.6565

https://www.linkedin.com/in/aditya-damle-52981778

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, Maryland

2016

Master of Science, Information Systems, GPA: 3.2
Relevant Coursework- Data Mining and Predictive Analytics, Data Models and Decisions, Big Data- Strategy and Analytics,
Project Management, Business Process Analysis, Managing Digital Markets, Strategic IT.
University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Chemical Engineering, GPA: 3.6

2013

PROJECTS
Predictive Model for Deaths in United States harnessing Big Data Technology
•

Designed a Data Model to analyze systematic patterns of health issues that are associated with deaths across 50 states.

•

Developed a prediction model to find whether a person is cremated or buried and study patterns of gun-related deaths.

•

Tools used: Sqoop, Hive, Spark, AWS.

Predictive Model to determine a Presidential Candidate using R Programming
•

Developed a Data Model to predict the probability of a person choosing between 2016 US Presidential Candidates.

•

Visualized dataset as well as the model predictions using Tableau.

•

Methodology: GLM, Neural Networks; Evaluation Metrics: Accuracy, ROC curve.

Computer Lifecycle Refresh Project using Agile Scrum Methodology
•

Used Agile Scrum methodology to create an application to assist University of Maryland Department of IT.

•

Generated product backlog and executed the project in 3 Sprints; managed databases using IBM Bluemix MySQL.

Cloud Based Health Insurance Policy Recommendation
•

Successfully launched a web application that recommends suitable health insurance policy based on the user inputs.

•

Employed Microsoft SQL server hosted on AWS to create dynamically accessible databases.

EXPERIENCE
Equities Data Analyst, Mumbai, India
•

Predicted the stock patterns by analyzing monthly trends; assisted in trading of equities.

•

Communicated with brokers to resolve issues; processed customer trading requests and maintained transaction logs.

Teacher, Everest Institute, Thane, India
•

Taught Computer Science, Chemistry and Physics to High School Classes consisting of 20 students per class.

•

Worked as a Teaching Assistant for students of First year Bachelor of Science.

LEADERSHIP
Event Head, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
•

Elected member of 12 person core managing committee at college technical festival; supervised team of 4 assistants.

•

Planned and managed budget for event; achieved 20% cost reduction.

TECHNOLOGY SKILLS
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Data Analysis Tools: R, Python, Microsoft Excel
Big Data Technologies - Hadoop- MapReduce, Sqoop, Pig, Hive, Impala, Flume, Spark
Data Visualization: Tableau, Stat Tools, Precision Tree, @RISK
Database Management: SQL Server 2012, MySQL
Programming: C++, Java
Software Tools: Amazon Web Services, IBM Bluemix, Wireshark
Certifications: Google AdWords Certified

2016

2016

2016

2015

2014

2014

2012

Aditya Rajesh Gadgil
8413 Potomac Ave ■ College Park, MD 20740-2508 ■ (202) 848-7696 ■ adityargadgil@gmail.com
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
May 2016
Master of Science in Marketing Analytics, GPA: 3.84/4.00
§ Predicted customer churn on cell company data using logistic regression and CART in SAS and R. Model had highest
predictive power amongst 8 competing solutions built by classmates.
§ Built models for response to pricing and promotions, print ad design effectiveness, sales promotion effectiveness, market
segmentation and new product development. Coded using SAS or Glimmix.
§ Winner of MarkStrat market simulation in Marketing Strategy course.
§ Received an annualized stipend of over $20K and partial tuition remission to work as part-time software developer graduate
assistant (GA) at Libraries in a multi-cultural team environment.
Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Guwahati, Assam, India
2012
Bachelor of Technology in Engineering Physics
§ Interned for 2 months on-site at National University of Singapore (NUS) and coded image processing software within a
month to study mechanical properties of bio-polymers in single molecule manipulation experiments.
§ Optimized calibration algorithm used by Society of Applied Microwave Electronic Engineering and Research (SAMEER),
Mumbai, for sun-photometer so percent error in output reduced from 15% to 3%.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Oracle Financial Services Software (OFSS) Limited, Bangalore, India
2012 – 2015
Applications Developer (3 years)
§ Developed an enterprise application called Oracle Data Integration Hub (DIH), rendering dependence of financial institutions
on technical teams for Extract Transform Load processes obsolete. Product reduced cost of loading data by more than $3M.
§ Researched and patented a programming technique for simplifying decision trees in data movement. This system eliminated
further reliance on programmers to modify tree nodes thereby saving more than 50% of programming time.
§ Led team of three developers, responsibilities included mentoring, distribution of tasks and following up. Received citation
from manager for leadership during appraisal resulting in 15% pay hike.
§ Presented face-to-face demo of DIH to three external clients from leading financial institutions, namely, ING, National
Australia Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank. All clients appreciated power of product and expressed interest in closing deal.
§ Lectured class of 40 inductees in use and application of DIH. Session was recorded and made available as training material
within Oracle.
§ Compered ceremony honouring best performers attended by 350 employees. Attendees included heads of development and
consulting of Oracle Analytical Applications group.

LEADERSHIP AND VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Alcheringa (Student managed cultural festival of IIT Guwahati)
2011
Core team – Event Management
§ Managed more than 100 volunteer organizers before and during festival to design, strategize and implement 49 competitive
events attended by crowd exceeding 50K over four days.
§ Headed troubleshooting for duration of festival. Tackled unforeseen infrastructure issues threatening to cause intolerable
delays by improvising allocation of resources between multiple events on-the-fly resulting in smooth execution of festival.
Dihing (Student hostel of IIT Guwahati)
2010
Literary Secretary
§ Spearheaded support and allocation of resources for literary efforts in inter-hostel contests such as prose and poetry
composition, dramatics and street play, ultimately winning prizes in all three competitions.
§ Directed daily operations of hostel library catering to 350+ students, recovering 50% of books lost under previous regime by
undertaking a door-to-door campaign and imposing fines.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
§
§
§

Adept in use of SAS, R, SQL, Java, JavaScript, HTML and Oracle Data Integrator (ODI).
Fluent speaker and writer of Hindi and Marathi. Formally educated in written French for five years.
Hobbies include soccer, traveling, especially trekking and biking to high altitudes, and reading. Undertaken motorcycle
expedition to Khardung La, the highest motorable mountain pass in the world at an altitude of 17,582 feet. Trekked to
Dzongri La (13,675 ft.) and Roopkund Lake (16,499 ft.) in separate expeditions.

AKSHAR KRISHNAMURTHY
8125 48th Avenue #316 College Park, MD 20740 301.624.3213
akshar.krishnamurthy@rhsmith.umd.edu linkedin.com/in/akshar-krishnamurthy-43225338
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science, Information Systems
Coursework: Data Mining and Predictive Analysis, Big Data, Data Models and Decisions, Decision Analytics

2016

R. V. College of Engineering, Bangalore, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science

2012

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Zero Eight Zero Games, Bangalore, India
2013 – 2015
Data Analyst
 Analyzed various important metrics from each phase of application life using Google Analytics
 Visualized data and generated reports based in the analysis
 Conducted a competitive analysis of mobile application market data to evaluate the key performance indicators
 Implemented best practices and pricing strategies based on analytical reports to maximize user engagement and increase
revenue by 60%
Cognizant Technology Solutions, Bangalore, India
2012 – 2013
Programmer Analyst
 Implemented a system to visualize integral profitability and generate reports using SAP BI
 Enhanced efficiency of month end financial close of the VIPP (Visualizing Integral Profitability in Philips) system by
making modifications reducing scheduled run time from 36 hours to six hours
 Formulated a new data model for the Philips Supply Chain Management team
 Developed business reporting solutions for SAP implementations as per client requirements
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Online Billing Report Generating System, Turning Point Clinic, Baltimore
 Developing a web application using Python to scrub data and generate weekly billing reports for a Drug Addiction
Treatment Center
 Designing a database to store the reports and visualize the historical data in the database
 Gathered business requirements and implemented the project using Agile Framework as part of a Scrum team

2016

Stock Market Analysis, University of Maryland, College Park
2015
 Acquired stock information using Pandas library in Python
 Visualized different aspects of the stock and analyzing risk of technology stocks based on previous performance history
 Predicted future stock prices using the Monte Carlo method
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Rotary International, Bangalore, India
Volunteer
 Volunteered at the Rotary T-E-A-C-H Mission aiming to eradicate illiteracy from India
 Organized and conducted Pulse Polio vaccination camps in Rural South India
 Adopted a government school in Karnataka and raised money to construct separate bathrooms for girl students
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 Software Skills: MySQL, Microsoft SQL server, Python, R, R Studio, C, C++, ABAP, SAP BW, Google Analytics, Big
Data with Hadoop (Sqoop, Hive, Impala etc), Tableau, Microsoft Excel(With Palisade Decision Tools), HTML5 and CSS
 Awards: Silver medalist in a national level Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu tournament
 Interests: Active Marathon runner having participated in 22 international marathons across various countries, Amateur
boxer and poker player

ANAGHA DIWANJI
College Park, MD 20740

240-762-9930

anagha.diwanji@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems


Expected: Dec 2016
GPA: 3.7
Coursework: Data Models & Decisions, Data Networks & Infrastructure, Managing Digital Business &Markets, Data Mining
& Predictive Analytics, Big Data (Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Apache Spark), Business Process Analysis for Information Systems (Agile)

Cummins College of Engineering for Women, Pune, Maharashtra
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Area of expertise:
Databases:
Productivity Tools:

May 2015

SQL, R, DBMS, ER Modelling, Predictive Models (Regression, Decision Trees), Data mining, Data Cleansing,
MS Excel (Stat Tools, Precision Tree), PHP, Data Visualization
Oracle, MySQL
MS Word, MS Access, MS PowerPoint

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Act to Rise for Innovation in Special Education (ARISE), Chandigarh, India
Technical Intern





Summer 2014

Spearheaded a team of three to conceptualize and design an e-learning website established to aid and assist 150 children
with muscular dystrophy.
Collaborated with internship mentor to construct and maintain database of website.
Formulated and drafted relevant technical documentation of website, including E-R diagram.
Programmed in PHP and SQL to develop and efficiently implement student dashboard section of website.

RELEVANT ACADEMIC PROJECTS
‘Big Data Analysis of Reddit comments from May 2015’ (Ongoing project)



Mar-May 2016

Curated and organized data and managed it on AWS cluster.
Aim of project is to find main themes and trends emerging from discussion forums and to use Apache Spark to build
prediction model for predicting number of responses each discussion thread is likely to gather.

‘Graduate School Database management system’




Sept-Nov 2015
Implemented an intuitive management system using Salesforce.com to enable students and faculty for efficient
management of all their demographic data, subjects and corresponding grade details.
Built an ER model.
Used SQL to perform queries like calculating grades of students.

‘Analysis for water resource management’ (sponsored by Persistent Systems Ltd.)






Oct 2014- Mar2015
Implemented project aimed at creating water portal to analyze current water scenario in India and to provide interactive
data visualization.
Data cleaning: Cleansed the river water source data after the initial exploratory analysis by removing null values, fixing
varied numeric scale and filtering out outliers.
Data mining and Predictive Analytics: Programmed in R language to explore different areas of water like quality and
infrastructure using descriptive data analytic techniques such as time series and make predictions using k means clustering
algorithm.
Won project based paper presentation competition held in Pune Institute of Computer Technology.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION






Currently participating in an online tutorial to learn self-service BI tools like Power Query and Power Pivot, as well as Power
BI for enhancing queries and reports.
Created sample dashboard for superstore data using Tableau software during on-campus event conducted by Deloitte.
Facilitated organizing of technical/non-technical events for the betterment of IS community as the Vice President of
Administration, Information Systems Association.
Organized a presentation on ‘Data Analytics in Retail’ as part of a technical seminar which included study of predictive
analytics tool ‘SAS Enterprise Miner’
Participated in two online courses from Coursera, ‘Data Analysis and Statistical Inference’ by Duke University and ‘Using
Databases with Python’ by University of Michigan.

	

ANUBHUTI MISHRA
amishra@rhsmith.umd.edu • (973) 735-7433 • www.linkedin.com/anubhuti-mishra-1958298
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland
Master of Science, Information Systems

2015 – 2016 (May)
GPA - 3.57/4

Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland
Master of Science, Business & Management

2013 – 2015
GPA - 3.68/4

National Institute of Technology, Surat, India
Bachelor of Technology, Mechanical Engineering

2004 – 2008
GPA - 7.15/10

EXPERIENCE
Research Assistant – Center for Health Information & Decision Systems (CHIDS), U of Maryland
01/16 – present
• Working on sequence analysis on Military Healthcare data using TraMineR library to unearth best treatment plans
• Analyzed data using STATA & R - to assess success of Electronic Health Record (EHR) system in Montgomery County
• Qualitative analysis using Nvivo of interviews with DHSS employees
Consultant – Educate2Envision (works for girls’ secondary education in Honduras)
• Developed a marketing campaign, recurring donor, and crowd-funding programs

09/15 – 12/15

Graduate Research Assistant - Management & Organizations Dept, R.H. Smith School of Business
09/13 – 12/15
• Designed surveys, analyzed data, and visualized results with SPSS, MPLUS, and R
• Led research projects on team processes, emotional intelligence, employee engagement, and decision-making
• Conducted lab study with 500 participants | Developed theoretical models and authored academic papers
Research Associate - Organizational Behavior Dept, Indian School of Business, Hyderabad, India
• Built statistical and social network models on team conflict and performance with SPSS and UCINET
• Managed projects on team conflict, social networks, and team emotions
• Devised and executed empirical study using business simulation game
• Authored qualitative study: interviewed Indian entrepreneurs for a case-study on job-crafting

04/11 – 05/13

Coordinator - Design For Change School Challenge (DFC), The Riverside School, Ahmedabad, India
03/10 – 03/11
• Managed the Index award winning program with over 30,000 schools; conducted empirical program assessment
• Developed a DFC based school curriculum– adopted by Longman Pearson’s books in India
Co-Founder - Idenom Web Pvt. Ltd., Ahmedabad, India
11/07 – 06/10
• Built an online platform for children to create & share original stories; & capture oral story telling tradition of India
• Conducted ‘Story Building Workshops’ for school children | Led a team specialized in programming and design
RELEVANT PROJECTS
• Devised relational DB schema and created a complete DB system and Salesforce app for a pizza delivery business
• Analyzed telecommunications infrastructure in Guinea and recommended cyber-security measures, and Internet services
to meet the client’s needs
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Statistical Analysis: multiple regression, structural equation modeling, hierarchical linear modeling, forecasting,
optimization, Bayesian statistics, k-NN, CART, Neural Network, social network modeling, big data mining
Softwares: SPSS, R, STATA, MPLUS, UCINET, Advanced EXCEL, Nvivo, Tableau| SQL| Salesforce|
Basic Knowledge: Hadoop, MapReduce, Pig, Sqoop, Hive, YARN
Languages: English (proficient), Hindi (native), and Spanish (beginner) | Hobbies: Running, Biking, Reading, & Writing
VOLUNTEER
• Designed and taught a ‘Computer Literacy’ curriculum for 13-16 year old children

Ahmedabad, India

• Sabarmati Marathon, Volunteer in Organizing Committee (2010 & 2011)

Ahmedabad, India

AWARDS
2nd Prize (award 50,000 INR), National Essay Writing Competition (English Category), 2007, by The Indian Express

	

BELLE SU
9530 Baltimore Ave. APT 336B

■

College Park, MD 20740

■

(301) 275-6601

■

belle.su@rhsmith.umd.edu

US Citizenship

EDUCATION
ROBERT H. SMITH SCHOOL OF BUSINESS, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
May, 2016
Master of Science in Marketing Analytics, GPA: 3.82/4.0

Graduate Assistantship: teaching assistant for undergraduate Market Research class

Statistical Programming: SAS, R, SQL, SPSS, and Glimmix

Regression Models: Extensively worked with Linear and Nonlinear Regression, Poisson Regression, Binomial
and Multinomial Logit Model, Mixture Regression Model and Mixture Multinomial Logit Model

Forecasting Models: Familiar with Regression, Bass Model, Exponential Model, Trial and Repeat Model,
and Market Share Model
NATIONAL CHENGCHI UNIVERSITY (NCCU), Taipei, Taiwan
2011-2015
Bachelor of Business Administration, Marketing Management, GPA: 3.8/4.0

PROJECTS






Customer Profiling for Hughes Satellites: Constructed generalized linear regression models in SAS and
CART trees in “R” to profile current customers and predict and locate future customers for newly launched
satellites
Churn Model: Built generalized linear regression models in SAS and CART trees in “R” to predict customers’
likelihood to churn and created proactive retention programs
Marketing Decision Projects: Utilized regression models in SAS to solve marketing issues such as price
optimization, print ads design and promotion campaign effectiveness evaluation; applied mixture regression
models in Glimmix to identify international market segmentation, and conduct new product conjoint analysis

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ARPHIC TECHNOLOGY CO. LTD., Taipei, Taiwan
2014-2015
Market Research Intern

Monitored newly launched online service platform, compiled weekly market analysis reports and proposed
possible solutions; prompted CEO and product managers to identify unfulfilled needs and created multi-tiered
pricing plan

Analyzed promotional campaigns and marketing strategies of two competing companies which targeted college
students and fine-tuned potential customer preference; created new promotional plans and lengthened free trial
period
HEADQUARTER OF MARKETING AND PROMOTION, NCCU, Taipei, Taiwan
Marketing Specialist
2011-2015

Created brand-building activities for Department of Business Administration (BA) to eradicate stereotype
around the professionalism of the BA degree; improved program enrollment rate from 80% to 100% in 2012

Conducted market research on high school students and parents to understand their concerns about majoring
in BA; clarified future career paths and employment rates in campaign presentations and booklets

LEADERSHIP
22ND BOSS (Business Operating Simulation System) CAMP
2013-2014
Chief Financial Officer and Deputy Coordinator

Managed financial affairs: allocated $6,000 USD budget and controlled expenses by supervising each team
leader; earned a profit of $4,000 USD for BOSS camp from new membership and donor contributions

Co-founded BOSS Scholarship ($350/year) to award well-performed BOSS camp staffs and encouraged
students’ participation in extracurricular activities; brought students’ attention to the importance of soft skills

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION



Languages: Fluent in Mandarin and English; conversational in Japanese
Interests: dancing, language learning

COLTON	  WHITEHEAD	  

8904	  35th	  Avenue,	  College	  Park,	  MD	  20740	  |	  (410)	  507-­‐0732	  
colton.whitehead@rhsmith.umd.edu	  |	  https://www.linkedin.com/in/coltonwhitehead	  
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland – College Park, MD
Masters of Science: Marketing Analytics | GPA: 3.72/4.00
Ongoing Coursework: Data Science, Web Analytics, Market Research & Analysis

2016

Franklin P. Purdue School of Business, Salisbury University – Salisbury, MD
Bachelor of Science: Marketing, Information Systems |GPA: 3.42/4.00

2014

PROJECTS
New Market Segmentation for Hughes Network Systems
Modeled classification trees and generalized linear models in R to predict the conversion probability of prospective
customers. Created customers profiles through clustering analysis and visualized filled maps utilizing Tableau.
Evaluation of Promotional Effects on Laundry Sales
Utilized scanner panel data to build purchase incidence, brand choice, and purchase quantity models in SAS
incorporating the effects of feature advertising, price cuts, and in-store display.
New Product Development for Philips Coffee Makers
Build multinomial logit (MNL) and mixture MNL models in GLIMMIX to perform choice-based conjoint analysis
and determine best set of features for a new product, as well as predict market share against competitors.
Technical Skills: R, SAS, Tableau, SPSS, SQL, Python, GLIMMIX, Advanced Excel
EXPERIENCE
University Of Maryland: College Park, MD
2015-Present
Position: Graduate Assistant to Marketing Analytics Program
• Created educational content for prospective students to be displayed on website.
• Completed competitive analysis of eight Marketing Analytics programs (or similar) in the U.S.
• Recruited prospective students for the Marketing Analytics program via phone, email, and in person.
The Knowland Group: Salisbury, MD
Position: Research Associate
• Performed a minimum of 50 cold calls/day involving researching and contacting leads.
• Authored reports on each successful lead, allowing sales to have more relevant information.
• Balanced performance over a 20 hour work week while taking 15 credits at Salisbury University.

2013-2014

Hooper’s Crab House: Ocean City, MD
2013-2014
Position: Marketing Intern, Events
• Planned and organized a successful promotional event for Fin City Brewing Company, a company-owned
brewery start-up, and raised over $500 for charity.
• Promoted new customer relationships and increased brand awareness via Hooper’s “Steam Trucks.”
Angler’s Sports Center: Annapolis, MD
2008-2014
Position: Computer Work, Advertising Consultant
• Collected data and created Excel spreadsheet of over 3,000 customer emails and addresses, used to send
promotions, business updates, and industry news.
• Collaborated with owner to design social media posts, print advertisements, and website content.

Gaurav Hegde
4307,Rowalt Drive,#101 ■ College Park,MD,20740 ■ 2403302382 ■ gaurav.hegde@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Aug 2015- Dec 2016
Master of Science (MS) Focus Area: Information Systems; GPA-3.2
Relevant Courses: Big Data, Data Mining & Predictive Analysis using R, Database Base Management Systems, Data
Models & Decision, Business Process Analysis, Strategic & Transformational IT, Digital Marketing
Fr. C. Rodrigues Institute of Technology, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science; GPA-3.6

Aug 2008- May 2012

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND RELEVANT PROJECTS
L&T InfoTech, Mumbai and Chennai, India
Nov 2012 - Jun 2015
Scrum Master, Standard Bank, Financial Services Group
 Served as a Subject Matter Expert for the new trainees and performed scrum meetings for a team of 14 members
 Assessed and organized reports in Excel and sent it across stakeholders for feedback, analyzed a log of reports
 Assisted in internal auditing of project by gathering data like ‘Query & Review Logs’ using pivot charts and tables
Software Business & Quality Analyst- Financial Services Technologies Inc. (FSTI)
 Followed the Agile methodology by breaking requirements into user stories and prioritizing them in JIRA
 Elicited & analyzed requirements followed by Gap Analysis in Business Requirement Documents (BRD)
 Suggested Change Requests based on the compatibility and expectations of end users with a V-model approach
 Executed SQL join queries to fetch various data and analyze data points to ensure defect free deliverables to clients;
contrived test scenarios on test-techniques like Boundary Value Analysis & Equivalence Partitioning in QC
 Evaluated all regression functionalities by using UML diagrams and prepared functional test cases ; executed test
scripts to avoid warranty defects thus ensuring a Customer Satisfaction Index of ‘4.0’
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Product Owner for Business Process Analysis- Healthy Futures through Sports Program
Feb 2016- Present
 Extracted requirements from Madieu Williams Foundation for developing an online website promoting healthy
lifestyle for people living in PG county ; followed the agile methodology process with sprints every two weeks.
 Defined and prioritized customer centric user stories for the scrum team; actively added items to the product backlog.
Database Management System- Community Housing Management
Aug 2015-Oct 2015
▪ Designed a management system to maintain a community in a centralized manner using MySQL server
▪ Explored a variety of services ranging from managing resident details, creating and updating leases, outsourcing
repair and service related requests by making use of ERD diagrams and DDL,DML & DCL functions
Data Mining & Predictive Analysis-Beer Preference, Logistic Regression using R
Feb 2016-Present
 Created a Logistic Regression model to predict preferences of choosing a particular class of Beer using R studio
 Compared it to the Linear regression model and evaluated the better model using confusion matrix and RMSE values
LEADERSHIP & VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE

Aug 2015-Present

Vice President of External Relations- MS Professional Communications Club
 Conducted workshops like ‘Ace the Elevator Pitch’ and ‘Mock Career Fairs’ by connecting with influential IT
executives and alumni, helping students to gain valuable insights and enhancing their communications skills
Track Representative of the Cohort
 Empowered students to discuss issues and brought them to the attention of the MPO staff, faculty and administration
 Managed resources to promote Smith recognized clubs and coordinated student events and activities
SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS





Technical: Hadoop-Pig, Sqoop, Advanced Excel, MySQL ,R Programming, Tableau, QC, HP ALMS, Python,QTP
Domain Knowledge: Agile Testing, Banking & Finance- Payments, Transfer Agencies and Investment Banking
ISTQB Certification: Foundation Level Certification in Software Testing held by the Software Testing Board
National Stock Exchange of India Certification: Mutual Funds, Financial Market, Currency Derivative

Geetansh Pant
College Park, MD ▪ 240.396.7156 ▪ geetansh.pant@rhsmith.umd.edu ▪ https://www.linkedin.com/in/geetansh-pant-911398104

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Dec 2016
Master of Science, Information Systems | Focus Area: Data Analytics, GPA: 3.6
Division of IT, University of Maryland: Student Advisor
Relevant Coursework: Data Models and Decisions, Big Data: Strategy and Analytics, Agile Project Management, Data
Mining and Predictive Analysis, Managing Digital Markets, Business Process Analysis
Bhilai Institute of Technology, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science, GPA: 3.65

2015

TECHNICAL SKILL SET





Analytical:
Technological:
Database:
Miscellaneous:

R, Python, Advanced Excel, EMR, Tableau, Stat Tools, Microsoft Project, Palisades
HDFS - MapReduce, Pig, Sqoop, JAVA, JDBC, IBM BlueMix, HTML, C, VB.Net, Linux Shell
SQL Server, IBM DB2, MySQL, S3
Amazon Web Services, LucidChart, Adobe Photoshop, TargetProcess, Salesforce, @Risk

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Bhilai Steel Plant (SAIL), India - Data Analyst Intern
Jul 2014
 Extracted descriptive data from Manufacturing Execution System by executing queries in SQL for decision support.
 Developed prediction models using evaluation metrics in R for material requirement and dross control in Coke Oven.
 Visualized auxiliary inventory, dross buildup and H2 content in steel rails during different phases using Tableau.
PROJECTS AND RESEARCH
Stack Overflow (Q&A site for programmers) - Big Data Analyst
Present
 Analyzed trends between technologies (depicted by tags) using MapReduce jobs and EMR using data in AWS clusters.
 Developing prediction model on EC2 using Spark for whether a question will be closed based on poster’s reputation.
Presidential Election Trends, 2016 - Data Analyst, Analytical Prediction with R
Present
 Designed dashboards using Tableau visualizing election trends, state-wise age demographics and voting inclinations.
 Fitted regression models in R to classify election trends using GLM, k-NN and Naïve Bayes algorithms.
 Analyzed misclassified points using ROC curve and validation data, plotting predicted probability against test set.
Learning Technology Services (LTS) - Junior Product Owner
 Documented the product and sprint backlogs before Sprints to implement CSS using Agile methodology.
 Collaborated with Product Owner in gathering client requirements to develop an online web app for LTS.
 Developed JSP and JDBC backend for IBM web application connecting SQL database to IBM BlueMix.

Present

Blood Donors’ DBMS, Practo Technologies, India - Database Analyst
Dec 2015
 Implemented ER Diagram after project requirements analysis and wrote SQL scripts to satisfy business rules.
 Applied relational modeling in SQL and maintained data dictionaries to automate manual processes in existing model.
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Ascend NAAMBA & MS, University of Maryland, College Park
Present
VP of Corporate Relations
 Partnered with government agencies and members of the Asian professional community to support club events.
 Co-ordinated with departments to generate interests in University sponsored events and networking opportunities.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 Certifications: Introduction to Hadoop – Udemy, Programming with Python – Codecademy, Hadoop and MapReduce
Framework – Udacity, Tableau 9 for Data Science: Udemy.
 Tableau Public CV: https://public.tableau.com/profile/geetansh.pant#!/vizhome/ResumeGeetanshPant/Dashboard1

Ishan Goradia
4316 Rowalt Drive #101

College Park, MD 20740

240.330.5904

ishan.goradia@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems

2016

Dwarkadas J. Sanghvi College of Engineering, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Focus Area: Computer Engineering

2015

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Internship at Airpay Payment Services, Mumbai, India - Data Analyst Intern




2014

Collaborated with sales and marketing teams, was a part of a team of four, tasked with mining and filtering data from online
sources; contributed to expansion of existing databases of potential customers.
Served with a team of five in devising innovative solution to increase efficiency, resulting in signing a big client.

Internship at FoxyMoron, Mumbai, India - System analyst and Social media Intern



2013

Updated an existing attendance tracking software in a team of three and ensured it was delivered on time; increasing
efficiency of system by 10%.
Assisted a 12 member web development team on various web and social media-based campaigns as well as brand-building
projects for clients.

ACADEMIC EXPERIENCE
Diamond Case Competition - Regression based analysis to predict best choice




2015

For the given statistical data set, used Excel to develop a set of variables and performed regression analysis which helped to
filter the data set to best available choices.
Received extra credit for developing a model with high accuracy and low error rate when compared to actual results.

Database Management System for a Housing Community




Developed an interactive database application for a housing community that manages resident details, their leases, payments
and maintenance vendors.
Incorporated various SQL functions like insert, update & delete via GUI with the database back-end built with MySQL.

Healthy Eating System – Final Year Project




2015

2014-2015

Supervised a team of three through development of an iOS application that recommends healthy diet based upon user’s daily
food intake.
Analyzed user’s dietary habits, implemented data visualization techniques to create reports, suggesting users a healthy eating
plan, succeeding in improving their digestive health by 15%.

Data Warehouse for a Mall




Led and managed a team to build an Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) tool using MS-Access, Visual Basic (VBA) and SQL.
Replicated a mall’s data warehouse, extracted data from six sources, and standardized it by applying transformation algorithms.
Performed data analysis on transformed data and prepared two separate reports, giving insight into consumer preferences and
market trends.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION








2014

Technical Skills: Java, R, SQL, HTML, Python, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft SQL Server, Stat Tools, Tableau, R Studio
Certification: Ethical Hacking & Information Security course conducted by IIT Kharagpur in 2011.
Member of the Communication Committee in the Graduate Student Government (GSG); involved with reaching out to
various graduate clubs across the University of Maryland.
Completed an R Analytics certificate program covering topics like Statistical Analysis, Linear Regression among others.
Headed the event management team for college chapter of Computer Society of India (CSI); mentored and delegated
responsibilities to 20 volunteers for organizing workshops in college.

JINGNAN ZHAO
10103 Baltimore Avenue, Apt 2310  College Park, MD 20740  301.310.3598  jingnan.zhao@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Marketing Analytics
GMAT: 710 GPA: 3.3 TOP 20%

May 2016

University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Bachelor of Science, Major: Statistics

2015

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Old Line Wine, Beltsville, MD
Summer 2014
Marketing Intern

Increased Gross Profit Margin by 1.5% in two months by planning large events, complementing instore promotions, and thoroughly managing inventory

Sorted and reorganized inventory for four weeks in order to provide a clearer understanding of store’s sales
performance, as well as to avoid unnecessary cost due to over-ordering

Identified advertising opportunities from local newspapers, local television channels, radios, social media sites
and mobile-based applications which generated greater awareness for the business

Analyzed sales history data using Excel to develop periodic sales for more efficient promotion plans

Proposed a new project to manager and created Location Code in Vision System for 2000 varieties of wine,
enabling staff and customers fast-search for any product, which improved store efficiency
Shenzhen Wision Industrial Co., Ltd, Shenzhen, China
Winter 2013
International Trade Intern

Communicated with overseas customers about trading information and conducted basic analysis

Collaborated with manufacturers to discuss products dimension scale and production time

Connected with logistics companies to order containers and arrange shipping details weekly

Guided customers from US to visit warehouses and introduced various kinds of products including prices and
features

Attended Annual Exhibition in Las Vegas on May 2014; designed display of sample products and interacted
with prospective customers addressing product concerns
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd, Shenzhen, China
Summer 2013
Investment Banking Department Intern

Trained with basic theories of investment banking and learned operations procedures from supervisors

Conducted risk research on firms' backgrounds needed to raise funds and provided written report to manager
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Action Learning Project
2016

Led a team of three to complete a real-world and complicated project for DataLab and Hughes in 7 weeks

Investigated one dataset with 400,000 observations and over 100 variables and established final reports

Recommended marketing plans to Hughes and proposed actionable promotion strategies based on final results
Chinese Students and Scholars Association
2011-2015

Organized Chinese Spring Festival Performance and other shows as leading organizer

Surveyed student volunteers and collected performances preferences
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Specialized software: Matlab, JavaScript, SAS, R Language, Glimmix, SQL Database, SPSS, Tableau

MRUDULA NAIDU GEDDAM
8125, 48th Avenue, #520

College Park, MD 20740

917.744.7735

mrudula.geddam@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD, GPA: 3.327
Master of Science, Focus Area: Information Systems

Dec 2016

Dayananda Sagar College of Engineering, Bangalore, Karnataka, GPA: 3.69
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science and Engineering

July 2015

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
11 Eleven IT Solutions, Bangalore, India
Jan 2014 – May 2015
Junior Solutions Analyst
 Designed the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) database including multiple user setup, profiles and
roles, customization objects, fields, record types, page layouts and validations using Salesforce
 Collaborated with the management, strategic planning staff and end-users to analyze and create complex
workflow rules, data validation, triggers, customized reports and dashboards
 Analyzed service delivery and reporting of IT projects
 Created and maintained documentation on processes, policies, application configuration and support materials
for users as database applications were developed
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
MongoDB Reporting and Framework for Monitoring Solar Inverter Performance
Merit Systems Pvt. Limited, Bangalore, Karnataka
Jan 2015 – May 2015
 Remodeled an existing system based on Relational Database to a NoSQL Database (MongoDB) to increase
performance by 20%
 Programmed Application Programming Interfaces (API) to access Big Data through MongoDB and converted
data to JavaScript Object Notations (JSONs)
 Designed a webpage and used KendoUI to plot graphs from data provided by the JSONs to measure
performance of solar inverters
LEADERSHIP AND VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Esquela, Dayananada Sagar College of Engineering
Editor
 Co-led a team of four editors to publish over 2000 copies of the college magazine

Aug 2013 – May 2014

Homebrew Programming Club, Dayananda Sagar College of Engineering
Aug 2014 – May 2015
 Pioneered and organized a college level programming competition with over 400 participants; Co-led a team of
four to plan, organize and manage event activities
Furore, Dayananda Sagar College of Engineering
Jan 2012 – April 2012
Event Organizer
 Planned, prioritized and managed 200K budget for cultural college fest; collaborated with a 10 person leadership
team to organize and coordinate event activities
U&I, NGO
Volunteer
 Tutored 20 high school students in mathematics, english and science for 1 year

June 2013 – May 2014

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION



Technical Skills: C, C++, Java, NoSQL (MongoDB), SQL (MySQL and Microsoft SQL Server), Microsoft
Excel with Palisade Decision Tools, Tableau, HTML5, Salesforce
Awards: Second prize in an intra-college computer programming competition named Osiris

NATASHA S. MEDINA
Alexandria Virginia 22314 § (703) 953-4536 § natasha.medina@rhsmith.umd.edu §
www.linkedin.com/in/natashasmedina
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
2017
Master of Science in Information Systems
Projects: Data Networks & Infrastructure Consulting – Cameroon
Database Management Systems - Health Care Clinic (used Salesforce)
Managing Digital Business Markets- Impact of Netflix on Video Rental Industry
Marymount University, Arlington, VA
Bachelor of Business Administration, Major in Finance

2013

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Dental Trade Alliance, Washington, D.C.
2015
Administrative Assistant
• Analyzed data and identified four key trends and effectiveness enhancements for Alliance’s President
and management, increased to participative targeted marketing results by 15%.
• Performed analytics on all media, to include website, emails and CRM, validating achievement of
marketing program objectives.
• Developed and implemented strategic market and data surveys increasing members’ awareness of
stakeholders by 20%.
• Contributed to strategy development by assessing requirements and identifying market industry trends
resulting in 20% member participation increase.
• Maintained and analyzed CRM database of approximately 400 stakeholders, providing management
an overview of members’ association activity.
• Generated reports and managed registrations, events and data ensuring validity, completeness and
synchronicity of more than 9,000 data fields.
2016 PAC, Washington, D.C.
2014
Account Coordinator
• Performed gap analysis of $300K in budget capital and operating expenses recommending spending
controls to President of PAC for marketing communications, consumables, travel, and entertainment
resulting in increased funding.
• Ensured compliance with Federal Election Commission (FEC) requirements and met all deadlines for
quarterly FEC filings; leveraged to track more than $2.5 million in donations using Nation Builder
financial management system and compartmented sensitive data from public domain information
ensuring compliance with proper security protocols.
• Determined spending limits for petty cash maintaining a 50% buffer for un-forecasted expenses.
Virginia Coordinated Campaign, Washington, D.C.
2013
Field Organizer
• Exceeded established standard in completing 200 face-to-face contacts in two hours by constructing
an action plan, engaging available resources, and defining geographical focus for managed 5-man
team.
• Recruited, trained, and managed 60 volunteers, three interns, and a deputy field organizer providing
assignments for their daily tasks and achieved the most Get Out to Vote shifts of 10 teams in the
region.

LEADERSHIP AND VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Vice President of Professional Development, Information Systems Association
2015- present
• Facilitating building of fruitful relationships of the Information Systems community at the Smith
School of Business with professors, companies, recruiters, as well as each other by organizing
speaker sessions, mixer events, and fun events.
Volunteer, UMD Homecoming Service Project
2015
• Packaged 250,000 meals in conjunction with Terps Against Hunger for malnourished people,
focusing on individuals in the Prince George’s and Montgomery counties.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Technical Skills: Google Analytics, R Programming, Python, SPSS, SQL, PHP
Applications Software: Civic CRM, IQ, Datatel, NGP, VAN
Professional Development:
• The Data Scientist’s Toolbox by Johns Hopkins University on Coursera. Certificate earned February
2015
• R Programming by John Hopkins University on Coursera, Certificate earned April 2015
• Python & SQL course by CodeAcademy completed July 2015
• Business Metrics for Data-Driven Companies by Duke University on Coursera, Certificate earned on
January 2016
MS Office: Excel (Macros, @Risk, Palisade Tools, Solver, StatPak), PowerPoint, Word
Languages: English (native) – Spanish (fluent) – French (intermediate)
Honors/Awards: Deans List (Undergraduate 2011-2013)
Memberships: Smith’s Master’s Student Association, Information Systems Association, Catholic Terps

Neerja Katwala
4307 Rowalt Drive #102 | College Park, MD 20740 | 678.670.3089 | neerja.katwala@rhsmith.umd.edu | linkedin.com/in/neerjakatwala
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems GPA: 3.5/4 GRE: 323/340 TOEFL: 112/120

December 2016

Dwarkadas J. Sanghvi College of Engineering, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Major: Computer Science

June 2015

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
 Created a system along with 2 team members to recognize air drawn English alphabets with an Xbox 360 Kinect. Published
paper ‘Finger Writing in air using Kinect’ IJCSIT Vol 5 (6), 2014 ISSN: 0975 – 9646.
 Reduced redundancy and maintenance cost of data through creation of a desktop application for ‘Baroda Timber Trading co.’
in Visual Basic, using Visual Studio LightSwitch to automate data entry and maintenance.
 Developed an Extraction Transformation and Loading tool for a fictional clothing chain Data Warehouse by performing
various Data Mining operations coded in C# with databases made in MS Access and SQLServer.
 Built fictional e-commerce websites for a cinema chain and online mobile retailer with HTML, CSS, JQuery, PHP and
MySQL with a team of three.
LEADERSHIP AND VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
LEO CLUB OF JUHU
2013-2015
Board of Directors
 Acted as chairperson for a Rural Welfare Committee, partnering with five board members to adopt a rural school, donating
computers to benefit 40 students and provide relevant training documentation and guidance.
 Led a team to distribute books and stationary to woman and children residing at a Human Trafficking Rescue Foundation.
 Organized workshops on empowerment and leadership skills.
 Collaborated with groups of non-profit organizations to organize carnivals for 150 physically and intellectually disabled kids.
ASSOCIATION FOR COMPUTING MACHINERY
2013-2015
Events Head
 Selected best student chapter for the 2013-2014 school year amongst 11 student chapters.
 Coordinated volunteer teams to arrange technical workshops for over 200 students to orient them with the practical
applications of coding.
 Analyzed and drafted reports for 15 organized events and devised strategies for future implementations based on current data.
OTHER EXPERIENCE
Office of International and Executive Programs, University of Maryland
2015-2016
English Instructor (http://www.oiep.umd.edu/landing/People)
 Tutoring 6 Chinese Criminology and Criminal Justice Graduate students in English individually over Skype.
 Developing weekly study plans catering to improve the student’s English speaking, listening, reading and writing skills.
Professor Dinaz’s Institute
Assistant Teacher (English Language)
 Mentored a group of three to five students in grades five through eight in IGCSE First Language English.
 Devised individualized plans based on curriculum and students’ learning needs
 Directed three groups of five students in public speaking and leadership development.

2012-2014

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 Languages: English (fluent), Hindi (fluent), Gujarati (native), and Marathi (basic).
 Technical Skills: Microsoft Excel, Java, HTML, C++, CSS, PHP, SQL, VB, XML, C#, JQuery, JavaScript.
 Currently training in Python, R and Big Data Technologies
 Familiar with Blender, Rational Rose, MATLAB, Visual Studio, Visual Studio LightSwitch, TASM, AutoCad.
 Trained classical Bharatnatyam and folk dancer. Achieved highest certification.
 Publications:
 ‘God Rays in Modern Gaming’-IJCA December 2014 Edition ISBN: 973-93-80884-45-5

‘Secure Smartphone unlocking using NFC’ - Procedia Computer Science 2015 Vol. 45:465/469. Paper presented at
DJICACTA international conference.

NIKITA PADHYE
4324 Rowalt Drive #201

College Park (MD) 20740

302.509.1029

nikita.padhye@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems, GPA 3.20
 Database Management Systems
 Data Models and Decisions
 Big data
 Data Mining
 Project Management
Vishwakarma Institute of Technology, University of Pune, India
Bachelor of Technology in Electronics Engineering, GPA 3.70

Dec 2016

May 2014

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Programmer Analyst Trainee
Cognizant Technology Solutions Private Limited, Pune, India
Nov 2014- Jun 2015
 Developed Barclays Corporate Banking project using Agile (Scrum) methodology
 Analyzed requirements, QA processes and performed testing to accelerate testing turn-around time by 25%
 Identified scope, built and automated test scenarios for regression tests using QuickTest Professional (QTP)
 Evaluated three core business areas: risk, revenue and product and delivered QA testing reports
 Detected and reported software defects by JIRA- an incident management tool

KEY PROJECTS
 Bio-medical Waste Management System (BWMS)





Dec 2015
Designed and developed a BWMS in a team of four to track bio-waste from point of generation up to disposal using
SQL- database backend and Salesforce- graphical user interface frontend
Data Networks and Infrastructures: CHAD
Dec 2015
Performed SWOT analysis of network providers in Chad to recommend ideal service provider and feasible
locations for business expansion
Text4Health (APHA Codeathon 2015)
Nov 2015
Worked in a team of six to develop the application, Text4Health, to increase life expectancy by sparking change at
individual, organizational and policy level
Managing Digital Businesses and Markets
Oct 2015
Analyzed and presented impact of instant messaging on communication industry based on the concepts ofNetwork effects, Winner take all Market, Switching costs, Path dependency and Asset specificity
Balancing-Power saving Protocol in Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN)
May 2014
Collaborated with three classmates to develop an algorithm for multi-hop packet transmission achieving longest
life-time over entire network taking into account battery energy levels of each node
Conceptualized a code that facilitated balancing of entire network resulting in a 40% increase in network life-time

SEMINARS


April 2013
Delivered a seminar on Innovative Technology- ‘Wireless Telemetry for Electronic Pill’, a miniaturized electronic
pill device devised for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes

SKILLS
 Programming Languages: R, SQL server, MySQL, C, C++, Embedded C
 Tools and Technologies:
Big Data-Hadoop (Hue, Hive, Pig, Sqoop), Microsoft Excel- Solver, Optimization, Hypothesis testing, Decision
trees, Pivot tables
Salesforce, Agile, Wireshark, HP Quality Center, HP QTP, JIRA, IBM Bluemix
AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS
 Won first prize in APHA (American Public Health Association) Codeathon 2015-competition focused on
improving the average life expectancy rate in the United States
 Led a team of 30 for a Talent Hunt competition at regional level, awarded with best performance

Noah Fields
7107 Pomander Lane
Chevy Chase, MD 20815
202-360-1431
nfields@gmail.com
E D U C AT I O N

University of Maryland, Baltimore County, Baltimore, MD 
Bachelor of Science, Psychology 
GPA: 3.39 
EXPERIENCE
Intern, Kennedy-Krieger Institute — 09/2013-12/2013 

Helped manage patients and assisted with behavioral research on severely disabled
children who exhibit severe problem behavior.
Intern, UMBC Applied Behavior Analysis Lab — 09/2013-05/2014 

Assisted with running participants through human operant experiments and collecting
behavioral data.
Customer Service, JBA Network; Asheville, NC — 05/2009-07/2009

Assisted customers with a web-based newsletter mailer and helped with troubleshooting
issues that arose.
Mac Specialist, Apple; Montgomery Mall, Bethesda, MD — 11/2005-01/2006

Sold Apple products and gave training sessions to customers.
Computing Services, Warren Wilson College; Swannanoa, NC — 08/2005-05/2006 &
01/2007-05/2007

Attended Warren Wilson College for three semesters, where I worked in the Computing
Services department. I was responsible for maintaining computers and technology for
most staff, faculty, and students of the college.
Sales Associate, macUpgrades; Bethesda, MD — 05/2005-08/2005

Duties included the sale of Apple products and related accessories, as well as assisting
with computer upgrades, diagnostics, and repairs. I also helped with administrative tasks
such as stocking and keeping track of inventory. I attained ASW (Apple sales)
certification during my time here.
SKILLS

10+ years experience with computer hardware and software, sales, customer service,
cashiering, working with mentally disabled children.

Rahul Khadilkar
3406 #002 Tulane Drive | Hyattsville, MD 20783 | (240.330.5902)| rahul.khadilkar@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
December 2016
Master of Science in Information Systems. GPA: 3.4
VES Institute of Technology (VESIT), University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Major: Electronics and Telecommunication
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Accenture Services, Mumbai, India
Associate Software Engineer (10 months)

June 2014

2014 - 2015

§

Performed role of quality analyst as a manual software tester to ensure product quality and data integrity in the data migration
domain working with tools designed on the MS-Office suite.
§ Designed and implemented new add-on feature within Excel-VBA using automation scripts customized to improve project
output efficiency by 11% and was adopted project wide.
§ Trained two project resources to implement automated scripts to ensure operational consistency.
§ Identified and rectified execution method resulting in completion of specific project deliverables three days in advance,
meeting deadlines convincingly.
§ Proposed workflow solution altering execution processes resulting in 20% improvement in productivity.
PART-TIME WORK EXPERIENCE
Oct 2015-Present
Terrapin Technology Store, University of Maryland IT Services
Technical Assistant
§ Performed role of Technical support student employee, helped solve over 100 tickets having several hardware and software
issues for PC Mac Apple and android devices. Learnt critical techniques to solve unique and challenging problems.
CERTIFICATION / RELEVANT PROJECTS.
§
§
§
§
§

Pursuing certification – Introduction to R programming
Sarah gets a diamond case study- Performed data analysis and built a model to predict the prices of diamonds using linear
regression and variable transformation. Awarded with extra credits for developing the Best model.
Performed a detailed study on the network infrastructure of a country – Guinea in West Africa as a case study to make
recommendations for a virtual client as a grad school project.
Developed an android based application with back end MySQL database connectivity, JSON and PHP to manage a studentteacher system to simplify process of opening assistantship positions for mutual benefit of the academic community.
Developed an android application for medical practitioners performing critical factor predictions using published growth
chart data to simplify the consultation process for doctors.

LEADERSHIP/VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Indian Society for Technical Education (ISTE)
2012-2014
Planning and Management Officer
§ Led team of six for student group of 242 students for Industrial Visit to six companies providing practical exposure to
students.
§ Managed and coordinated three year-end annual symposiums including financial budget analysis and conducted sponsorship
drives and generated $5000, attended by 300 people every year.
§ Organized and conducted a total of 23 events each year of technical and non-technical domains for 700 members every year
enriching overall personalities and skills.
Social Responsibility Team – VESIT
2013
Volunteer
§ Musical performance in group of four on stage in old age home visit on World Health Day for social cause and awareness.
§ Taught math and science to 50 children at small village on Children’s Day to help promote awareness of education.
§ Coordinated volunteer work at Golden Temple in Amritsar, India; served food to needy to help lead a better life.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
§
§

Technical Skills: Proficient level in Java, JSON, Android Development, MS Excel; MS-SQL,PHP, MS Word, Tableau,
Google Analytics [SPR16], Data Mining [SPR16], Hadoop[Fall16], R [Fall16].
Publication: International Journal for Engineering and Technology – lead student author
“Comparison of Performance of Microstrip Antenna at 2.4GHz Using Different Substrate Materials”

Nora (Huijuan) Zhao

8125 48TH Ave Apt 308, College Park, MD 20740 · 301-648-3680 ·huijuan.zhao@rhsmith.umd.edu
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/norahuijuanzhao
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Marketing Analytics
GPA: 3.4/4.0
School of Business Administration, Hunan University(HNU), Hunan, China
Bachelor of Management, Major: Business Administration
GPA: 3.4/4.0
§   Awarded merit-based scholarship for two years

May 2016
June 2015

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Relevant Projects, University of Maryland
August 2015 - February 2016
§   Tropicana -- Retail pricing decisions based on point-of-sales scanner data (SAS)
§   L’Oreal -- Analyzing print ad designs using eye-movement data (SAS)
§   Wisk -- Evaluating the effectiveness of sales promotions based on scanner panel data (SAS)
§   Whole foods -- International market segmentation for global retailers (GLIMMIX, EXCEL)
§   Philips -- New product development through choice-based conjoint analysis for coffee makers (GLIMMIX, EXCEL)
§   Cell2Cell -- Customer churn prediction (R, SAS)
§   Hughes -- Predicting segment size for new product (R, SAS, GLIMMIX)
Chunhe Seed Industry Limited, Anhui, China
January - March 2015
Intern Marketing Analyst Assistant
§   Collected marketing data from all aspects such as suppliers, distributors and internal marketing department. Analyzed
data from variety of analytical tools including SPSS.
§   Proposed improved 4P strategy for company based on STP theory and Sustainable Market-ing Enterprise Model put
forward by Philip Kotler.
§   Facilitated sales team in collecting customers’ feedbacks and solve their problems making a 10% increase of total sales.
§   Assisted marketing manager to deal with daily affairs and acted as bond among marketing and other departments.
COFCO Coca-Cola Beverage (Hunan) Limited, Hunan, China
July - August 2014
Intern Sales and Marketing Assistant
§   Conducted market research and explored survey data to project customer demand trends across 3 provinces.
§   Performed customer profiling, segmentation through SAP business analytic software.
§   Determined consumer behavior patterns through regression analysis and factor analysis utilizing SPSS and R.
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
School of Business Administration, Hunan University, Hunan, China
Freshman Advisor
§   Elected from over 40 candidates as freshman advisor.
§   Cooperated with other advisors to lead team training and orientation for newcomers.
§   Awarded excellent freshman advisor.

July - September 2013

Public Relation Department of HNU Student Union
September 2011 - November 2013
Vice-minister; Principal of Chucai Card Program
§   Administered a team of 20 to initiate Chucai Card, a promotion card providing students discounts from the stores.
§   Investigated and examined students’ demand and stores’ supply around campus.
§   Mentored and led team members to negotiate with stores especially whose business is thriving.
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Social Welfare Club, Hunan, China
April 2012 - February 2015
Co-founder
§   Called for and organized people to do community service in Changsha No.1 Social Welfare Home regularly.
§   Gave speeches especially in local universities and communities to improve public awareness of caring about the
vulnerable groups such as empty nest.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
§   Technical Skills: SQL, SAS, GLIMMIX, R, Machine Mining, Tableau, Hadoop, SPSS, VFP, C;
§   Language: Mandarin Chinese (native); English
§   Certificates: SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9; SAS Certified Statistical Business Analyst Using SAS 9:
Regression and Modeling

SARIKA DHOOT
Email: sarika.dhoot@rhsmith.umd.edu | LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarika-dhoot-767b69112
Ph: 240 274 7813 | College Park, MD
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Aug 2015-Dec 2016
Master of Science in Information Systems
GPA: 3.60/4.0
Coursework: Database Management Systems(SQL), Data Models and Decisions, Managing Digital Business Markets, Data
Mining and Predictive Analytics, Big Data(Hadoop, Pig, Spark), Business Process Analysis(Agile)
Cummins College of Engineering for Women, Pune, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering

Jul 2011-May 2015
GPA: 3.70/4.0

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
The Kraft Heinz Company, Pune, India | Technology Intern
Dec 2014-Jan 2015
Distribution Management Software (WinOmkar)
 Analyzed supply chain data to generate reports for supply chain performance management.
 Performed optimization analysis using SQL Query Profiler to reduce operational costs and improve performance by
15%.
 Designed E-R diagrams and Data flow Diagram for 6 new business processes in existing systems for Heinz.
 Produced secondary sales reports for MeraNet application to increase supply chain visibility for clients by 25%.
ACADEMIC PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Analytics: Bike Rental Service | Maryland
Aug 2015-Dec 2015
 Used Risk tool to implement a simulation for bike inventory management and tracking using random input variables.
 Calculated profit/loss against various business constraints to the rental business and optimized profit using Solver Table.
Database Management System | Robert H. Smith School of Business
Aug 2015-Dec 2015
 Created an application that improves efficiency and management capability of university to store, retrieve and modify
student and faculty data using an intuitive front end built using PHP, HTML and CSS.
 Implemented complex join and SQL queries in the backend on MySQL Server.
Analytics: Analysis for Water Resource Management | Persistent Systems Ltd.
May 2014-May 2015
 Developed water scenario dashboard of 29 states analyzing datasets visualized using choropleth and stacked bar charts.
 Analyzed 15 water datasets with R programming using clustering, time series and statistical inference analytics to detect
usage patterns, water quality gradations and infrastructure status.
 Won first prize in a project based state-level Hackathon’15 held at Pune Institute of Computer Technology.
LEADERSHIP/VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Information Systems Association (ISA) | Smith School | Vice President
Dec 2015-Present
 Administered ‘Ace the Case’ by Accenture including a total participation of more than 150 students.
 Organized Python Workshop for Data Analytics with a turnover of 200 attendees.
National Service Scheme, India
Jul 2014-Jul 2015
 Active member of the NSS chapter at Cummins College of Engineering for Women, Pune.
 Organized two tree plantation drives and arranged two blood donation camps including a total participation of more than
800 people.
 Coached 30 rural primary school children in basic computer skills and use of Microsoft Office.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION




Technical Skills: Java, SQL, R Programming, Python, C, C++, PHP, HTML, CSS, Oracle Database, SQL, MATLAB,
Javascript, UML, MS Excel, Solver Tables, StatTools, @Risk, MS Word, MS Powerpoint, Salesforce, Visio.
Presented a seminar on Apache Spark analytic engine comparing its performance against Map Reduce.
Certified Courses: ‘Core Java’, ‘Data Scientist’s Toolbox’, ‘Data Analytics and Statistical Inference’, ‘Programming for
Everybody (Getting started with Python)’ and ‘Using Databases with Python’.

SOHNI NAGPAL
8125 48th Avenue,Apt 305, College park, Maryland 20740

240.495.4222

sohni.nagpal@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION:
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems (3.518)

December 2016

• Relevant course work: Data models and Decisions, Database Management Systems, Data networks, Managing Digital
Business Markets, Data mining, Big Data, Strategic and Transformational IT, Business Process Analysis
Thadomal Shahani Engineering College, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering: Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering (72.61%)

July 2015

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Internship at National Thermal Power Corporation, Mumbai, India
September 2014- October 2014
• Created a web application for employee suggestions regarding the pay revision
• The application became a part of the company’s intranet and it was developed using MVC technology, C# language and SQL
server database.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Tableau, Python, MVC technology, SQL, MATLAB, Microsoft Office(Excel, Powerpoint, Word), StatTools, Precision Tree,
@risk ,Arduino, Wireshark, AutoCAD, Express PCB
ADDITIONAL PROJECTS
Database Management Systems- SSRV Railways
December 2015
• Developed a robust railway management system using SQL which facilitates users in carrying out all booking related
transactions efficiently, enables its employees to not only keep track of these activities but also empower them to make
changes in train schedules and ticket allotments.
• Worked on SQL for back end including ERD, logical and physical design; and developed front end using PHP and HTML
Impact of Yelp on online dining recommendation industry
August 2015-October 2015
• Analyzed Yelp’s impact on the transformation of the dining reviewing experience using appropriate statistics and various
models including Porter’s fiver forces and Porter’s generic model. Prepared a report on Yelp’s strategies, revenue model,
market share, major competitors, profit margin analysis over a period of 12 years and its future using Google trends and other
applications.
Motion detection using webcam in Image Processing
June 2015
• Designed a project enabling a stationary webcam to rotate 90 degrees in either direction, through motion detection and
tracking, thus increasing efficiency by 50%.
• Constructed algorithms to facilitate movement of webcam mounted on servomotor with corresponding commands from
Arduino, utilizing MATLAB and OpenCV application.
• Prepared a report on project proposed system design, its future scope and applications and presented a paper on the same in
Technical Paper Presentation held by IEEE.
LEADERSHIP AND VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Smith Master Student Association
September 2015
Ambassador
The Management Society, TSEC
June 2013-June 2014
Creative Head
• Mentored a seven-member team of diverse personalities in deadline driven environment and thus conceptualized and executed
two national level festivals with a $5000 budget within two months of preparation.
• Devised and executed a strategic plan of action including searching and negotiating suitable venues to ensure cost of events
remains under pre-determined budget.
• Trained staff prior to event and thus performed all operations and duties smoothly and as per set guidelines.
The Rotary Club of Bombay West, Mumbai
Volunteer
• Participated in numerous street plays and flash mobs on social causes aimed at public awareness.
• Planned and executed various fund raising events including SMS campaigns to drive participation in events.

November 2013

SONAL SONAWANE
4324 Rowalt Drive #201

College Park, MD 20740

240.330.2459

sonal.sonawane@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science, Information Systems , GPA 3.67
 Member of Smith Master’s Student Association

December 2016

Fr. Conceicao Rodrigues Institute of Technology, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Information Technology
 Member of Agnel Social Cell
 Chief organizing committee member of Computer Society of India (CSI)

May 2012

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
L&T Infotech, Mumbai, India
Software Engineer

February 2013 – June 2015

 Designed and implemented four modules in FLATPACK Configurator application, a switchboard designing
application for L&T Switchgear
 Led team of eight for front end development in an Engineering and Procurement application; handled client
requirement gathering; secured three new projects
 Conceptualized features for extracting meaningful information from big data; created reports to make
operational and strategic decisions; increased revenue by 12%
 Implemented first ever SAP NetWeaver Gateway based project in company; improved processing time by 25%,
paved way for other projects using same technology
 Analyzed and presented Proof of Concept (POC) for end-to-end implementation of SAP NetWeaver Gateway;
reduced person-hours required in development by 33.33%
 Mentored four new hires; conducted five Knowledge Transfer sessions for new recruits
KEY PROJECTS
 Designed and developed Art Gallery Management System in a team of four using Salesforce
 Performed feasibility study for business expansion and suggested recommendations for corporate
communication network providers in Ghana
 Analyzed and presented the impact of digital distribution on music distribution industry
 Collaborated with three classmates and engineered embedded system application for home environment
control and house breaking detection based on concept of ‘Internet of Things’
LEADERSHIP/VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
 Spearheaded committee of 50 people for Annual Event of L&T Infotech, attracted over 400 employees
 Organized two technical events and devised promotional campaigns for L&T’s online magazine; achieved 8%
increase in subscribers
 Initiated four blood donation camps for college social cell; received over 200 donations per event
 Supervised a team of 20 people to host multiple sports events achieving a footfall of over 1000 people
 Represented district at two state-level table tennis; won six gold medals and prize money worth INR4K
 Coordinated recruitment of sports teams from five schools; promoted sports programs to local community by
coaching at two summer camps for 50 students
 City finalist from 300 participants for Young Author’s Contest; recognized for creative story writing
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 Proficiency in C++, Java, SQL, JavaScript, HTML, HTML5, ActionScript, MXML, XML, CSS, SAP
NetWeaver Gateway, SAP NetWeaver Developer Studio, Adobe Flash Builder, SAP UI5, Salesforce
 Languages: Hindi (fluent), Marathi (fluent), Sanskrit (conversational)

SUBODH JAKKULA
3426 Tulane Drive #32, Hyattsville, MD 20783 | (503) 866-1351| subodh.jakkula@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Dec 2016
Master of Science, Information Systems (MS-IS), GPA: 3.6
 Relevant Coursework: Business Process Analysis, Project Management, Strategic IT Management, Data Mining and Predictive
Analytics, Database Management Systems, Google Analytics
Osmania University, Hyderabad, India
Jun 2013
Bachelor of Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, GPA: 3.6
 Published a paper titled “Analysis of cross-flow heat exchanger” for maximization of effectiveness using optimization
techniques

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
National Foreign Language Center, College Park, Maryland
2015-Present
Graduate Assistant - Systems Analyst
 Participate in eliciting and gathering business requirements, document functional specifications, create use cases and
wireframes for web-based UI redesign
 Standardized Software Requirements Specification documents by adhering to IEEE standards and reduced requirements related
ambiguities
 Optimized development and testing processes and increased efficiency by 25% by analyzing end users’ browser preferences
through Google Analytics
 Involved in systems integration testing during 6 sprints and ensured defect-free software releases
 Redesigned the existing test suites to improve readability of test cases and reduced 15% errors during regression testing
 Reported and tracked issues in JIRA, and ensured requirements coverage in a project operating in SCRUM methodology
Cognizant Technology Solutions, Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Sep 2013-Jun 2015
QA Programmer Analyst
 Supervised staff of two on two mission-critical assignments and delivered projects ahead of deadlines
 Demonstrated detail-oriented approach to ensure 0% defect leakage for over 100 tickets and enhancements
 Expedited cross browser testing by 35% by using BrowserStack tool during targeted testing of web-based applications
 Created an Excel macro to reduce formatting time spent by 75%
 Designed a training manual to improve adoption rate and understandability of the macro
 Analyzed and resolved knowledge gaps at account level by designing a web portal
 Gathered over 350 knowledge transition documents and videos under one repository to improve accessibility and reusability
 Learned and implemented ADPART, a cognizant tool to derive test cases from workflows to enable flexibility in requirements

LEADERSHIP/ VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Graduate Student Government (GSG) – University of Maryland
Sep 2015-Present
Communication Committee Member
 Executed an organization wide goal of increasing GSG awareness and student participation in the activities through IT
 Created an online survey to gather inputs from graduate students for the redesign of GSG website and translated them to
webmaster

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Business Process Analysis – IoT BitByte Mobile Application
Sep 2015-Present
Systems Analyst/ Lead Software Developer
 Redefined user stories based on INVEST model, conducted Android development learning sessions for SCRUM team
 Developed a mobile application using Java and XML, and groomed the product backlog based on client feedback
Business Case Analysis – FiscalNote, Inc.
Jan 2016-Mar 2016
 Applied resource-based VRIN, porter’s five forces and SWOT frameworks to analyze firm’s potential and make
recommendations

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Databases: MS SQL Server, MySQL, ASE Sybase
Applications: MS Visio, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint
Testing Tools: QMetry, Test Rail, JIRA, Selenium

Languages: SQL, R, HTML, Java, XML
Tools: JIRA, Lucidchart, Accompa, RStudio, Palisade Stat tools

Tony (Yutong) Chen
443-852-6610 | chent99@terpmail.umd.edu | https://www.linkedin.com/in/tonyychen
8900 57th Ave | Berwyn Heights, MD 20740|

Education
Master of Science in Information Systems
University of Maryland - College Park

GPA: 3.87/4.0
Expected Graduation: December 2016

Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Information Systems
University of Maryland - College Park

GPA: 3.79/4.0
May 2015

Professional Experience
University of Maryland Robert H. Smith School of Business
Administrative Assistant
•

January 2016 – Present
College Park, MD

Assisted new Master of Information Systems student admission as well as managed alumni relations

Simple Entry LLC.
May 2014 – July 2014
Accounting Intern
Washington D.C.
• Oversaw chart of 25 accounts and managed invoices payables utilizing QuickBooks
• Helped to create financial statements with the CFO to ensure financial statements integrity
• Organized investor meetings for 15 investors and presented our products to earn investments from five investors
• Developed three Decisionaire surveys for product support to improve our products with necessary consumer data
China Construction Bank
Lobby Leader Assistant
•
•
•
•

June 2013 – August 2013
Haikou, China

Informed and referred services offered to over 600 clients to improve operating efficiency and saved client time
Guided over 300 clients in completing forms such as deposit forms with over 90% positive feedback from clients
Recommended credit card services to 100 clients and increased credit card applications by 10%
Created functions in MS Excel to streamline staff bonuses recording process by 20%

Leadership
Ascend-NAAMBA Maryland Chapter
VP of Marketing
•

Managed marketing and communication for Ascend-NAAMBA.

Master of Science in Information Systems Program
Track Representative
•
•

January 2016 – Present
College Park, MD

September 2015 – Present
College Park, MD

Addressed problems and concerns such as problems with registering for classes for students in our track
Arranged a movie night and help students relief academic pressure

Relevant Skills/Project
Information Systems Project (May 2015): System Development Lifecycle, Visible Analyst, data flow diagrams, entity
relationship diagrams, PHP/JavaScript/CSS
•
•

•

Created a mobile-friendly website using coding and web design techniques
Started from conceptual design using DFD and ERD to physical implementations of the website according to the
system development lifecycle. The website was able to sort off-campus dining deals for any days of a week and was
one of the top projects in class
Achieved A grade for the project

Technical: QuickBooks Online, Salesforce, Minitab, MS SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Basic, MS Office, Adobe
Dreamweaver, HTML/CSS/JavaScript/PHP
Languages: Native proficiency in Mandarin

Vivek Natanasabapathy
8307 Curry Pl, Adelphi, MD 20783 | 407.454.2985 | vivek.natan@gmail.com
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
May 2016
Master of Science in Marketing Analytics, GPA: 3.94/4.00
 Predicted customer churn on cell company data using logistic regression and CART in SAS and R. Model had highest
predictive power amongst 8 competing solutions built by classmates. Also employed survival analysis and cost benefit
analysis to strengthen recommendations
 Built models for response to pricing and promotions, print ad design effectiveness using eye-tracking data, choice
models for sales promotion effectiveness, market segmentation and choice based conjoint modeling for new product
development. Coded in SAS and GLIMMIX.
FLAME School of Business, Pune, India
Post Graduate Diploma in Management (MBA equivalent), Focus Area: Marketing

2007-2009

Birla Institute of Technology and Science (BITS), Pilani, India
B.E. (Hons), Electronics & Instrumentation

2003-2007

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
United Breweries (Holdings) Limited, Bangalore, India
2013-2015
Senior Manager – International Marketing (24 months)
India’s largest beer manufacturing and marketing firm with a global footprint of over 50 countries
 Analyzed consumption patterns in Singapore and Malaysia, drafted and effected a two year plan involving product
launches, timely promotions and pricing changes to grow sales by 50% (CAGR).
 Developed spreadsheet application to simplify budgeting and product pricing decisions thereby reducing quotation
processing time by 40%.
 Created a regression model, negotiated with vendors, and reduced transportation costs by $41K in FY 14-15.
 Managed a team of two developers to translate the profit center’s budget into the company’s SAP system which led to
reduction of report generation time by 60%.
 Developed new clients to distribute Kingfisher beer in Malaysia and Jordan, generating revenues of $325K in FY14-15.
A. V. Thomas & Co – Consumer Products Division, Coimbatore, India
2013
Deputy Manager – Marketing (3 months)
 Collaborated with design, research and media agencies to develop and execute launch plan for AVT GoldCup with a
budgeted spend of $75K
Coffee Day Global Limited, Bangalore, India
2009-2013
Assistant Manager – Marketing & Product Management (46 months)
Asia’s largest coffee conglomerate ($200M) with business interests in Cafés, FMCG, Vending, Exports and Plantations
 Through effective co-ordination with cross functional teams, directed product management efforts of portfolio of 37
products for the hot beverage vending business, contributing an annual sales value of USD 20 Million.
 Enabled the brand to consistently increase market share by 2% every year through better product positioning and pricing
based on effective and periodical competitor research.
 Generated additional revenue of $80K in FY12-13 by launching the single serve coffee maker, WakeCup; Spearheaded
detailed research, test market strategy, marketing plan, packaging, brand identity, customer trials and content creation.
 Overhauled lead management system generating additional $160K business in Small Businesses segment in FY12-13.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming – R, SQL, SAS, VBA & HTML.
Tools – MS Office, Glimmix, SPSS & MiniTab
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION






Certified Six Sigma Green Belt professional.
Language Skills – Intermediate French proficiency.
As member of school and college tennis teams, participated in numerous competitions.
Being an avid birder, participated in the 2012 HSBC Chennai Bird Race and stood second place.
Directed and staged several plays while serving as director of Pilani Tamil Mandram Play Troupe in 2007.

WENDY WANG
College Park, MD 20740｜202-749-0693｜Zhengzhou.Wang@rhsmith.umd.edu｜www.linkedin.com/in/wangwe
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland

Dec 2016

Master of Science in Information Systems

GPA: 3.50/4.00

University of Pennsylvania State University, University Park

May 2013

Bachelor of Science in Finance, Minor in Economics

GPA: 3.58/4.00

Dean’s Lists for Academic Excellence
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (Former Union Bank), Brea, CA
Sep 2013 - Jul 2014
Business Analyst (Lead)/ Project Coordinator

Collaborated with senior executives to upgrade legacy IT system; analyzed the existing system for feasibility to implement
new technical solution


Partnered with operational risk management team to devise business plans and proposals for vendor selection



Managed complex corporate projects with strict deadlines using analytical and quantitative skills (i.e. SQL, Visio, Excel and
Microsoft Suite tools)



Organized and mediated business stakeholder meetings to develop project scope, formulated key strategies and conducted
Business Requirement Document (BRD) walkthroughs



Verified data usage, addressed data redundancy issues and performed data-mapping for data migration



Analyzed business process issues and developed solutions to improve system efficiency which resulted in system efficiency
improvements by 30%



Coordinated with technical and business teams to gather business requirements and translated them to functional specifications



(e.g. C.R.U.D. analysis). Translated business objectives into analytical and technical deliverables, and actionable solutions
Built Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) to ensure the technical solution aligned with user requirement

RELEVANT PROJECT
Best Valued Diamond

Oct 2015



Determined the correlation between a diamond’s price with measurements of quality and size



Conducted exploratory data analyses on all variables, created data visualizations, performed statistical interference based on
predicted multivariate linear regression model using Excel statistical package StatTool



Produced a report summarizing an analysis on the determinants of a diamond’s price

Implementation of DBMS system for a virtual bouquet shop

Dec 2015



Built salesforce platform to automate the inventory and sales business process



Performed database design and wrote DDL, DML, DCL queries to build and populate data



Created views to support business inquiries and automate triggers to send email notification to manager roles

LEADERSHIP
Vice President of Smith Master Student Association


Organized and hosted school wide events with officers of the organization and administrative personnel



Guided student ambassadors in communication and fundraising duties

Sep 2015 - Present

SKILLS


Technical: Software Development Life Cycle(Waterfall, Agile), SQL, Python, R, Data Mining, Relational databases



Tools: Tableau, Salesforce, Wireshark, HP Quality Center, SharePoint, Amazon Web Services



Microsoft Office suite: Advanced Excel (Solver, StatTool, @Risk, Precision Tree, Pivot Table), Visio, Project



Bilingual in English and Mandarin, basic language competency in Korean

Wenjing Wu
9530 Baltimore Avenue ·College Park, MD 20740·240.271.9967·wenjing.wu@rhsmith.umd.edu

Education
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Marketing Analytics, Focus Area: Analytics
Qingdao University, Qingdao, China
Bachelor of Administration, Major: Marketing

May 2016
Graduated 2015

Study Abroad
---University of Minnesota-Twin cities, Minneapolis，MN

Spring 2013

Relevant Work Experience and Projects
Action Learning Program with Hughes Network Systems

January 2016 to May 2016



Used R to create a profile model of Hughes’s customers in order to identify potential markets for new products.



Validated and visualized profile model, taking demographic and geographic information into consideration.



Combined both qualitative and quantitative analysis to deliver final report.

Advanced Marketing Analytics Projects


September 2015 to January 2016

Conducted mixture regression model, conjoint analysis and multinomial logit model to predict sales and price
and offered solution to problems companies faced.



Analyzed cases related to Tropicana, L’oreal, Whisk, Whole Foods and Philips.

Zurich General Insurance Company (China)
January 2015 to June 2015
Intern, Assistant of CRE&FM
 Collaborated with IT service team, corporate marketing communication department and approximately 20
contractual vendors in support of daily operation.
 Managed budget and accounts receivable process.
Standard Chartered Bank
November 2014 to December 2014
Intern, Retail Banking &Wealth Management
 Evaluated various investment portfolios, as part of a learning simulation, and made “client” recommendations.


Organized group study and competition to obtain a basic understanding of financial market and risk control.

Volunteer Work and Extracurricular Activities
International Horticultural Exposition 2014
March 2014 to October 2014
Flower Usher for VIP guest
 Escorted and guided a total number of over 10,000 guests to exposition, introduced the event and
communicated with visitors.
 Launched PR campaigns with local government and media to advertise and promote the exposition.
CESI Business Challenge Competition
November 2013 to January 2014
Group Leader
 Examined background of a virtual company, evaluated industry development and designed brand building.
 Analyzed potential markets, conducted SWOT and analyzed proposed pricing strategy.
 Drafted second place proposal which identified future direction and strategy of organization.

Additional Skills
 Qualification: SAS Certified Advanced Programmer for SAS 9



Other Skills: Microsoft Office Suite SQL R
Language Skills: English & Chinese-Fluent

French-Beginner

YUANZHENG ZHU
9530 Baltimore Ave College Park, MD 20740. (240)-281-6692.yuanzheng.zhu@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business. University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Marketing Analytics, Focus Area: Data Analysis
Capital University of Economy and Business, Beijing, China
Bachelor of Management, Marketing
Graduated in top 5% of class
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Founder of “Mr. Six” personal coaching

2016

2014

2016

 Earn monthly income of $4000, with more than 60% margin
 Manage team of three and eighteen clients
 Build online forum in “Wechat” and “Facebook”, posted and designed five online advertisement
Wal-Mart, Beijing, China
2015
OP Employee intern (1 month)
 Conducted daily sales and inventory of more than 50 categories, worked in a team of six to
enhance management and operation
 Researched and predicted market changes, such as seasonal changes and festival changes, and
report to manager
 Designed product placement and price tag to increase purchase and product attractiveness
ERGO Insurance Group, Beijing, China
2012
Marketing Analysis Intern (3 months)
 Conducted primary research to stay abreast with government policy changes for more than 20
reports per month
 Researched and analyzed data associated with five-hundred-companies to strengthen business
offering and service
 Analyzed data of more than ten cooperative companies to inform strategic decision making
Zurich Insurance, Beijing, China
2011
Data Analyst Intern (3 months)
 Analyzed historical data to forecast projection regarding market trends
 Worked collectively with team of four to meet established targets and deliverables
 Compared monthly data and reported changes to key stakeholder
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Marketing Analytics Track, Robert. H Smith School of Business
2015
 Volunteered to represent 36 Marketing Analytics students; liaised with program administrators
and career service personnel to communicate student issue and interest
“412” Drama Association, Beijing, China
2013
 Invested $10000 to product polished trailers for upcoming shows, upgraded stage lighting
equipment, as well as invited professionals to give performance training courses
 Won first place of “Beijing college student drama competition in 2014”
Global Management Challenge (GMC), Beijing, China
ADDITIONAL INOFRMATION
 Language: Chinese, English, French
 Technical Skills: Microsoft Office Suite, SAS, R, Glimmix, SPSS
 Interests: Piano and Dramatic performance

2011

YUANZHENG ZHU
9530 Baltimore Ave College Park, MD 20740. (240)-281-6692.yuanzheng.zhu@rhsmith.umd.edu
Company Project and Research
University of Maryland 2015-2016
L’Oreal
 Analyzed print ad design for L’Oreal by advanced eye-tracking technology
 Enhanced the magazine advertisement attractiveness of L’Oreal
Giant
 Evaluated sales Promotion Effects Using Scanner Panel Data.
 Used purchasing incidence prediction, Brand choosing forecast and quantity or market share to
calculate inventory and sales to lower cost.
Wholefood
 Worked collectively with wholefood to break into Europe Market
 Chose new store location from more than 100 location and different customer profiles.
Tropical Orange Juice
 Made pricing decisions model for Tropical Orange Juice
 Provided reasonable optimal new price for company managers, based on the formal 104 weeks
sales and price
Phillips
 Designed proper attributes for advanced Phillips coffee maker
 Launched new Philips Coffee Marker based on customer preference.
AT&T
 Recognized the consumers who are high likely to churn to other competitors
 Built the profile of churn consumers
 Combined marketing 4PS to keep the consumer and attract new the customer
Hughes
 Built GLM model based on more than 9 million consumer data
 Compared old satellites and created newly targeting customer list and profiles
 Used 4PS to provide service to target customer
Social media research
 Collected and analyzed one semester data on “Wechat” and “Facebook” based on three hypothesis
 Promoted “Brand Name” is more effective than promoted “Brand Logo”
 Weekday advertisements are more effective than weekends on social media
 Customers are time sensitive with social media advertisement, should be shorter than one minute
Coors
 Analyzed market report bought from Nielson
 Cut the reports budget from $15000 to $3500

\n
Zachary Goldman
7310 Dickinson Ave  College Park, MD 20740
(860) 368-1660  zgoldman@terpmail.umd.edu
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
College of Behavioral and Social Sciences, Bachelor of Arts
Economics Major – Leadership Studies Minor

May 2017

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Maxim Healthcare Services, Columbia, MD
June 2016 – August 2016
HR Specialist Intern
• Supported Benefits, Employee Relations and Talent Resources departments
• Recruited and interviewed experienced candidates
• Helped implement a business deal with Lifetime Fitness
• Used Microsoft Excel and company software to organize data; trained employees on software usage
Facilities, Operations and Events, College Park, MD
October 2013 – Present
Operations Supervisor
• Execute new tactics to increase efficiency
• Lead groups of 3 to 6 people to prepare athletic facilities for events
• Divide coworkers amongst different tasks and periodically check on their progress
• Greet customers as they enter athletic facilities and handle complaints
Aflac, Silver Spring, MD
June 2015 – August 2015
Insurance Agent Intern
• Pursued prospective clients by connecting with key executives and HR personnel
• Prepared notes during potential client meetings
• Sourced employees with qualified marketing/business backgrounds
• Earned Maryland Accident and Health Insurance License
Fund for the Public Interest, Hartford, CT
Canvasser
• Raised an average of $550 dollars a week from donations
• Presented campaign to an average of 30 households per day
• Shadowed by new employees

June 2014 – August 2014

LEADERSHIP TRAINING
Phi Sigma Kappa Fraternity, College Park, MD
January 2015 – May 2015
Vice President
• Ensured that 22 committee chairmen were working towards goals I set forth
• Worked weekly with fellow executive board members to improve our organization
• Implemented a new system to provide networking opportunities
Phi Sigma Kappa Fraternity, College Park, MD
September 2014 – December 2014
Philanthropy/Community Service Chair
• Planned an event with over 100 attendees, which raised over $6000
• Contacted local business owners to receive donations for the event
• Organized multiple trips of more than 20 students to volunteer at Special Olympics events
Shonk Undergraduate Leadership School, Indianapolis, IN
August 2014
• Selected to represent the UMD Phi Sigma Kappa Chapter to attend the national Phi Sigma Kappa
leadership school
• Attended lectures, workshops and networking sessions on ways to improve recruitment, organization and
budget
• Implemented new methods of recruitment and organization to improve the chapter during the 2014-2015
Academic Year

\n
Charles K. Owusu
3907 57th Avenue | Hyattsville, MD | 240-468-5964 | owusukojo@ymail.com 



	OVERVIEW



To secure a challenging Internship or job of a financial position at your company: I would be more than delighted to have the opportunity to be a part of your financial firm.  I have solid experience and education in the financial field, whether it be organizing and calculating tax information, or researching information and creating spreadsheets full of financial data. I am prepared to become an immediate asset to your company. 



SKILLS

Technical Skills: Excellent with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Access; Speak and Write both English and Spanish well.



Personal Skills: Strong business acumen, savvy, sharp, well-versed, able to manage and adapt to change, and good technical skills, problem solving, analytical skills.

EDUCATION

	Morgan State University, Baltimore MD, Senior

	

	B.S, Finance, December 2016                     Related Courses: Accounting, Business Management, Economics

	

	EXPERIENCE

	

	Interned working on Auditing Files at Universal Financial Services in Lahnam, MD; Job include: organizing tax files and calculating bank statements, etc. 2013-2015

	

	Interned working on Event Listing at LYGO DC in Washington DC; Job included: Researching information and organizing data on spreadsheets to obtain listings on local media sites, in order to boost sales of LYGO DC shows. 2014 

	

Interned working on Corporate Projects at Paradyme Management in Greenbelt, MD; Job included: Research and presenting a strategic community investment plan and asset management strategy, a proposal for CMS outline, and an employee orientation video project. 2016

LEADERSHIP & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT



2012-Present, Afrolounge Films LLC: VP of Finance for Photography and Entertainment Company

Control all finance endeavors, create ways of making money, fundraising, sponsorship letters, negotiate contracts, pricing.  



2014-Present, Finance Club at Morgan State University; Assistant to President of Finance Club 

Promoting the organization through social media, representative in Student Organization meetings. 



2016, BMC (Bloomberg Market Concepts) Certificate of Completion: 

Bloomberg Market Concepts (BMC) an 8 hour self-paced e-learning course that provides a visual introduction to the financial markets. BMC consists of 4 modules; Economics, Currencies, Fixed Income and Equities: woven together from Bloomberg data, news, analytics and television.\n
Lucy Murray

8214 Queen Annes Dr, Silver Spring, MD 20910

Phone: (914) 830-9460  Email: lmurray5@umd.edu



EDUCATION

University of Maryland, B.A.                                                     Anticipated Graduation – 05/2017

College of Behavioral and Social Sciences: Economics and Government & Politics double major

Relevant Coursework: Advanced Composition, Elections and Electoral Behavior, Methods and Tools for Economic Analysis, Scope and Methods for Political Science Research

WORK EXPERIENCE

Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals – Intern                                                        1/2013-Present

Preparing fundraising campaign materials, working with Excel spreadsheets, providing administrative support to staff

2 Birds 1 Stone – Server                                                                                            3/2016-Present

Cocktail serving, relaying information about spirits, bussing tables

University of Maryland Observatory – Staff Member                                             11/2013-Present

Setting up telescopes, interacting with public, working with staff members

		Al Dente Ristorante – Hostess, Busser, Server                                                      07/2013-11/2015

		Served guests, bussed tables, planned table seating for events and used OpenTable system, answered telephone, worked on advertisement for the company

Baja Fresh Mexican Grill – Cashier                                                                       03/2012-07/2012

		Dealt with money, general customer service, overall restaurant maintenance through cleaning and restocking materials

PROGRAM & LANGUAGE SKILLS

		Minitab/Stata                                                                                                                

		Worked on several class projects, developing and analyzing statistical models

		CSS/HTML, Microsoft Office Suites

		Designed personal web projects and worked extensively with Excel spreadsheets

		Photoshop/Final Cut Pro                                                                                              

		Created, edited, and published digital media content

VOLUNTEER WORK

		Casa De Maryland Organization – Executive Member                                          01/2012-02/2013

		Aided in polling work and Deferred Action clinics

		Montgomery County Public Schools – Student Aid                                               09/2012-07/2013

Set up labs, graded papers, worked with students

Reaching Out To Our Youth (Harrison, NY) – Student Mentor                            02/2010-06/2012

		Mentored children from Kindergarten to 5th grade in reading, math, and spelling

Community Service Project (Harrison, NY) – Project Developer                         01/2011-09/2011

		Developed health and nutrition awareness project, aided in the development, advertisement, and execution of project

INTERESTS & EXTRACURRICULARS

		Terrapin Astronomical Society – Executive Member                                                  2013-Present

		Works to develop outreach for the astronomy program

		School newspaper at John F. Kennedy – Editor-in-Chief                                      09/2012-07/2013

		Edited and guided in student production of media content\n
Nicholas Erbe

Student

Columbia, Maryland


njerbe92@gmail.com

 www.Linkedin.com/nicholas-erbe

410-599-7168







	GOALS	Currently I am working on completing my Bachelors of Arts in   Philosophy at the University of Maryland.  Outside of school I am looking for a job that

will challenge me as well as allow for personal growth and experience in a professional setting..



	WORK EXPERIENCE	Communications Intern

National Center for Citizen Safety, Ellicott City, MD

June 2016-August 2016

I was responsible for organizing ideas and advising on future efforts of the organization.  Corresponded with Local Politicians and Business Leaders as well as various sponsors.



Assistant Irrigation Technician

Q Services and Consulting, Ellicott City, MD

May 2016 - August 2016

Responsible for maintaining function of irrigation systems, Includes learning about how the systems and components work, diagnosing issues and making repairs in the most efficient and cost effective way possible.



		Receiving/technicians assistant

TRG Tec, Hanover, MD

Oct 2014 – May 2016

I worked on an as needed basis and was responsible for receiving incoming packages, packaging products to be shipped, and assisting in the assembly of some fiber optic equipment, as well as some data entry.



Server

Champp's Sports bar and Grill, Columbia, MD

Jul 2014 - Sep 2014

My responsibilities included expressing my knowledge of the menu to   the customer in order for them to choose the food or drink that they will really like, as well as taking orders and making sure they are ready in a timely fashion.





	EDUCATION	Associates of Arts, Philosophy and Religious Studies

Howard Community College, Columbia, MD

2012 - 2014



Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy

University of Maryland, College Park, MD

2015 - Current

Currently working on my Bachelor's degree in philosophy. My expected graduation date is spring 2017.



	Additional Information	

		I play in an adult Ice hockey league in Laurel, MD.  I like to read new books and learn new things and especially enjoy being faced with new challenges.\n
Al Dhanani 

		408-396-7939

		al.wl1206@gmail.com





Extensive experience in the field of IT for 10 years, including 9+ years in Oracle Weblogic Server administration and Fusion Middleware technologies including SOA, OSB, ESG, RabbitMQ etc.  Expert at implementing new Fusion Middleware environments and also supporting existing applications.



Summary: 

			    Experience in installation, server configuration, deployment, performance tuning including troubleshooting and maintenance of BEA/Oracle Weblogic Server 7.x/8.x/9.x/10.x, 11g, 12c.

	Configured and administered JDBC, JMS, JTA, JNDI, SNMP and Node Manager to administer the Managed Servers in Weblogic Application Server 7.x/8.x/9.x/10.x/11g/12c.

	Installed and configured web servers like Apache, Sun ONE, IPlanet and IBM HTTP Web Servers and integrated them with Weblogic.

Developed scripts in Jython, Python and ANT scripting to automate and monitor Weblogic routine tasks.

Design and implementation of Weblogic application configuration management system based on Weblogic Scripting Tool (WLST)

	Managed and administered Domains, Nodes, and Instances in BEA/Oracle  Weblogic server

	Solid experience in maintaining Load balancing, High availability and Failover.

	Setting up clustering on SOA suite and Webcenter.

	Integrating OAM with OID and Weblogic server for single sign on.

	Varied experience in Workload management, creation and maintenance of Domains, Nodes and Managed Servers instances in a BEA/Oracle Weblogic environment.

Vast experience in deploying applications (JAR, WAR, RAR and EAR) and related 

Troubleshooting in clustered environment using Admin console and WLST scripts.

	Experience in configuring and administration of connection pools for JDBC and JMS connections and clustering EJB Objects.

Proven experience in Web Application development using J2EE and Java related technologies. Managed and monitored JVM performance tuning by adjusting WLS Heap size.

Extensive knowledge of Unix Shell Programming and familiar with Auto Deployment Process besides writing automated scripts.

Solid knowledge of different Databases like Oracle, DB2, Sybase and SQL Server, besides integrating them with applications.

Configured and setup Secure Sockets Layers (SSL) for data encryption and client authentication.

Created Digital Certificates for secured communication between applications.

Provided 24/7 on call support to the development team in both testing and production environment, and analysis (troubleshooting) of log files to resolve issues.

Knowledge of all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) with good designing, coding, testing, debugging, and troubleshooting skills.

Excellent communication and presentation skills combined with broad range of IT technical education and training.







Professional Experience



Tracfone Wireless									Dec’15- Present

Sr SOA Administrator

Miami FL									

Responsibilities



Deploying, configuring and validating SOA composite applications.

Install and administer clustered H/A middleware environments.

Administering the SOA middleware environments.

Configuring and monitoring the SOA environments.

Setting up Monitoring for SOA alerts through Splunk and Introscope

Worked in setting up new DataPower appliances and environments.

Setup security using HTTP and HTTPS ports through DataPower.

Helped developers to troubleshoot SOA related issues.

Configured and set up Secure Sockets Layers (SSL) using one way and 2-way encryption for data encryption and client authentication.

Integration of IBM APIM with datapower and OSB components.

Diagnosed performance/connectivity problems and errors. Provide 3rd tier support for production systems.











HCL America  

Lead Administrator                                                                                                                                 May’13- Dec’15

VMWare Client, San Jose, CA



Responsibilities:

Worked on Weblogic Installation, Configuration, Monitoring and Performance Tuning on WebLogic Server 10gR3/11g and 12c

Part of 24X7 production support team with oncall rotation. 

Implemented the Fusion Middleware stack with SOA suite 11g, Oracle Service Bus 10g/11g.

Deployed composites on SOA suite 11g using EM as well as ANT scripts.

Create a menu driven script using UNIX and ANT.

Developed Scripts for deploying applications in different environments using Weblogic.Deployer utility.

Running SQL scripts. 

Deploying SOA suite and OSB in clustered environments.

Deploying OSB projects in various environments.

Implementing DB management by using SOA purge scripts.

Provided support for Capacity planning 

Performance tuning of JVM heap size, garbage collections, java stack and Native thread & production performance of Weblogic.

Familiar with Service Now Ticket Management system for tracking assigned tickets.

Upgraded Weblogic servers from 11.1.3.3 to 11.1.3.4

Applied patches in Weblogic servers to resolve the SSL certificate issue.

Troubleshooting SOA suite issues.

Cloning SOA suite Environments.

AD integration with WebLogic and SOA. 

Knowledge of ESG implementation and integration with OSB

Rabbitmq server configuration and implementation

Knowledge of Intel Mashery integration.

Extensively used WLST (WebLogic Scripting Tool) and UNIX Shell Scripts to monitor and manage WebLogic server instances and domains. 

Deploying various WAR, JAR and EAR applications in Production and non-Production Environments.

Configured and administered JDBC Connection Pools/ Multi Pools/ Data Sources on WebLogic Server 11g and 12c

Created Work Managers for the specific applications based on their priority.

Provided support in Performance testing using Splunk and Visual JVM.

Monitoring error logs, fixing problems and tuning parameters on WebLogic environment.

Troubleshooting issues that arise during testing or deployment process.

Configured and set up Secure Sockets Layers (SSL) for data encryption and client authentication.

Experience with F5 Load Balancer.

Involved in configuration management, software deployment and change management, performance monitoring and application maintenance.

Created Managed Servers and Node Manager in Production Servers and test servers.

Troubleshooting by using Thread Dump, Heap Dump and Garbage collection analysis for Web Logic Server issues.

Experience in maintaining and support the various components of Oracle Fusion Middleware based Applications.

Configuring Oracle Enterprise manger Grid Control for Alerts. 

Provided 24X7 production support with on call on rotation basis



Environment: WebLogicserver 10.3.x, Iplanet, Microsoft IIS,Apache, Solaris10, Oracle Fusion Middleware 11g PS4, Windows XP, DB2, Mercury7,Sitescope,webservices,SVN, LDAP,Oracle Access Manager, JDK 1.6, SOA 11g, OID 11g. OSB 11g.





Solar Turbines, San Diego CA						                              Jul’10–April 2013

Oracle Fusion Middleware / Weblogic Admin

Responsibilities:

Installed and configured WLS domains for Weblogic Server 11g and provided support.

Deployed various WAR, JAR, EAR applications including JDBC, JMS on Weblogic Server 10.3.X

Installed and configured SOA Framework with Oracle Fusion Middleware Components like BPEL, OSB, OAM. 

Installed and configured the high availability setup for Fusion Middleware. This includes setting up Oracle Weblogic Servers in a cluster and Oracle HTTP servers, to point to them and configuring the web servers with a load balancer.

Good understanding of SOA in fusion and Weblogic development. Life cycle activities

Installed and configured adaptor for Database and FTP.

Used RCU for creating schemas and tables required for SOA.

Integration of OAM as SSO for applications.

Deploy composite applications using the EM console and also using 

Install and configure weblogic servers. Configuring clusters and all the resources required by the applications.

Worked on OSB for creating business and proxy services.

Installed and configured Webcenter Portal based applications and worked on UCM and IBR as content repositories.

Supported two applications throughout the entire SDLC.

Fine tune each environment as well as troubleshoot issues during and after the go-live (production roll-out). 

Provide development & testing support to the application development & testing teams. 

Set up load balancing and failover using cisco ace & webservers.

Troubleshooting WebLogic Application Server connections to database, and webservers.

Monitoring error logs, fixing problems and tuning parameters on Weblogic environment

Plan and prioritize application server related activities, working closely with the application development teams and the other technology teams (network, OS, Security).  

Configure monitoring using sitescope and introscope.

Installed and configured Big IP F5 Load Balancers .

Worked within strict SLA standards to implement/resolve problem tickets and change controls. Day to day support to development and testing. 

Member of the team which built the disaster recovery (DR) data center from scratch. Responsible for replicating existing webserver, application server, siteminder and batch frame work related configuration to new DR center.

Installed and configured web servers like oracle HTTP server. 

Involved in the setting up and configuring various batch jobs that were configured via batch framework, ndm and scheduled via corntab

Worked on Oracle webcenter suite to improve customer loyalty, enhance customer productivity.

Troubleshoot day to day webserver/authentication related issues 

Responsible for the DNS administration and SSL certificates

WLST scripting for deployment, domain build/configuration and monitoring 

Developed scripts for rolling restart and monitoring restart of servers on existing weblogic cluster

Installed and configured JBoss in a robust  environment.

Worked on installation and configuration of application on Tomcat 6. 

Tomcat clustering with multiple nodes.

Installing tomcat as service in Windows.

Configuring DB connections in Tomcat.

Develop best practices, guidelines & documentation for website support

Environment: Weblogic server 11g, Red Hat Linux Enterprise 5, Apache,Big IP F5 load balancer, Oracle Webtier, Oracle SOA suite, Oracle Webcenter, sitescope, introscope, siteminder, shell scripting , JSP,JMS,JDBC,EJB, JMX,HTML,LDAP,XML, Tomcat 6.





HTC, Seattle,WA                                                          		                      Feb’08 – Jun’10

Lead WebLogic Administrator

Responsibilities: 

Installed and configured WLS domains for Weblogic Server 10.3 and provided support.

				Deployed various WAR, JAR, EAR applications including JDBC, JMS on Weblogic Server 10.3.  

Involved in Upgradation and Migration from Weblogic 8.1 to Weblogic 10.3.

Applied patches and installed Maintenance Packs using Smart Update.

	Installed and configured Weblogic, Apache and Sun One Web Servers during the Data Center Server migration

Installed and upgraded Apache 2.2 version and implemented the proxy plug-in for the Weblogic 10.3.

Worked on Oracle BPM 10g R3 nstallation and configuration

				Deployed applications on multiple Weblogic Servers and maintained Load balancing, 

				     High availability and Fail over functionality.

		Configured Clustering of EJB objects, JDBC connections and JMS connection factories. 

		Configured LDAP using Sunone directory Server for user authentication .

		Configured Node manager for administration of Admin server and Managed servers. 

		Trouble shooted applications using Weblogic console and WebLogic Command-Line Interface in highly competitive environment.

		Developed and implemented build scripts to support automation of build processes, backups and maintenance activities.

		Conducted build, deployment and troubleshooting activities such as deploying various WAR, JAR, EAR applications in clustered environment.

		Used Shell and Perl scripts to automate the administrative tasks such as start and shutdown of the servers.

Used Ant build scripts, UNIX shell and Perl scripts to deploy the applications in various work environments like QA, Development, and Production. 

Invoked WLST to create domains, controlled the servers, created JDBC connection pools using WLST command line.

Installing and configuring siteminder web access manager. Setting up siteminder agents on the Apache & iPlanet webservers.

Configured Global and Admin Authenticator in the Weblogic console and configured the Realm.

Experience in handling network resources and protocols such as TCP/IP, Ethernet, DNS, DHCP.

Used oracle grid control for system monitoring.

Deploying Applications on Tomcat.

Clustering Tomcat servers.

Automation of deployment and restart of Tomcat.

Provided Migration configuration for transactions, security, services, JMSServers and services while transitioning from development to production environment

Worked on one way and two way SSL certificates for Weblogic  Servers

		Identified and resolved application/infrastructure problems and provided performance tuning services.



Environment:Solaris10, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5, Shell Scripts, Perl Script, Weblogic Server 8.1, 9.2 and 10.3, Apache,Siteminder,Active Directory, JDK1.6, JRocket 1.6, Servlets, JSP, EJB, JMS, JDBC, JMX, JTA, RMI, Struts, Web services, Oracle10g, HTML, XML, BigIP, LDAP, SOA, Tomcat 5.

               

HD Direct, San Diego, CA                                                                                                                    April 07 – Dec 08

Weblogic Admin

Responsibilities: 



Installed and configured WLI and WLS domains for Weblogic 8.1 and 9.2 and provided support.

Worked extensively on Shell and Perl Scripts for automation of administration tasks, startup and shutdown of the servers.

Used Shell and Perl scripts to deploy the applications like formats of WAR, JAR, and EAR in WebLogic 9.1

Invoked WLST scripting and created JDBC connection pools and enrolled the node manger using WLST command line.

Scripted in Vi Editor for various shell related programming such as running back ground jobs and processes.

Worked Extensively on VM Ware tools and documented in the wiki pages for future evaluation.

Configured IIS 6.0 for TTPS application and provided support.

Worked on Weblogic SQL scripts for dropping and creating the tables.

Configured SAML Identity Assertion provider in Security Realm and validated the active tokens.

Configured BizTalk Server with messaging, rules engine, EDI connectivity, Business Activity Monitoring, RFID capabilities and IBM Host/Mainframe connectivity.

	Red hat Linux kick start Installation – Sun Solaris Jump start Installation were done in couple of environments on the VM’s.

Monitored error logs, fixed problems and tuned parameters in WebLogic environment.

Experience in working with Introscope 7, enterprise inspection and monitoring tool

Configured Connection Factory and Distributed Queue as JMS system resources.

Configured Node manager to remotely administer Managed servers.

Configured load balancers, network routing protocols, and Firewalls.

	Configuration and administration of Connection pools for JDBC connections.

Configured JDBC connections and data sources for Oracle database server 10g.

Used Maven for the builds and deployed in the Development and Production Environments.

Experience in handling Java and Sun Hotspot JVM tuning

Used configuration wizard and Admin Console extensively to create and manage WebLogic domains.

Configured LDAP and provided support for applications. 

Configured Iplanet with Web logic and monitored the applications.

Setting up the cluster environment for WebLogic Server integrated with multiple workflows.

Experience with performance testing tools such as web load and load runner. 

Configure JNDI server as repository for EJB Home stubs, JDBC data source, JMS connection factories, queues and topics.

Applying the patches and Maintenance Pack to the WebLogic servers.

					Trouble shooted the production issues and fixed Java Heap size errors.

Supported on call schedule on a rotation basis for Production Support.



Environment: Solaris10, WebLogicserver8.1, 9.1and10.0, Perl Scripting, Shell Scripting, IBM Websphere Application server5.1, BizTalk, DB2, Oracle10g, Mercury7, Apache, web services, LDAP, JDK 1.5, Jrockit 1.5, SOA, JSP, Remedy, EJBs, JMS, Iplanet, Microsoft IIS, MTS, ASP, HTML, XML, BigIP, JRUN.





Cybage  India

Configuration Admin

Dec 2005 – Dec 2006

Responsibilities:

	Designing Forms using the HTML Controls.

	Involved in Coding of Base Classes for Developing the Application.

	Involved in coding of mailing and maintaining the log files.

Developed Servlets and JSP custom Tag Libraries.

	Implementing the Design Patterns like MVC-2, Front Controller, Composite view and all Struts Framework Design Patterns to improve the performance.

	Involved in the testing and integrating of the program at the module level.

	Involved in developing the Utility programs for searching the database.



Environment: JDK1.2.2, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, Struts, EJB, CSS, XML, Java script, Jobs, Eclipse, Oracle, PL/SQL and Windows XP



Education:

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science 

Master in Computer Science from National University San Diego\n
Payal Dalal

8125 48th Ave., College Park, MD 20740
payal28@terpmail.umd.edu (240)722-9998

EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
MS, Telecommunications Engineering; GPA 3.68/4
Yeshwantrao Chavan College of Engineering
BE, Electronics Engineering; GPA 3.6/4

College Park, MD
Expected May 2017
Nagpur, India
May 2015

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Certifications: Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Cisco ID: CSCO13045489 Valid: September’16- September’19
Software Skills: JAVA, C, SQL, Python
Networking knowledge: Troubleshooting, OSI Layers, CLI commands, LAN/WAN, Router & Switch configuration, Routing
Protocols, DNS, DHCP, BGP, OSPF, Ethernet, Servers, Network Security, IPSec, VoIP, VPN, SSL, NAT, Firewall, ACL
OS & Tools: Linux, Windows, Microsoft Office Suite, Amazon Web Services, Packet Tracer, MATLAB, Wireshark, Eclipse, Visual
Studio, Analytic Software (Excel Solver), Mentum Planet, Poseidon
Management Skills: Analysis on companies for various management factors; Case Study on Marketing Strategies

RELEVANT COURSEWORK
Networks and Protocols I & II,
Internet of Things,

Network Programming with C,
AWS&PCS systems implementation,

Cloud Computing,
Management & Organizational Behaviors

ENGINEERING PROJECTS
Distributed Networking Application in JAVA

Sept 2015-Dec 2015
Designed and Built a client and server distributed-application for reliable data transfer using stop-and-wait protocol.
Ensured data integrity and user authenticity by implementing RC4 algorithm for cryptographic authentication.
Demonstrated the application’s ability to handle various abrupt/unpredictable events.
Implemented the code using code modularity and supplementary coding conventions.
GSM, LTE deployment using Mentum Planet
Sept 2015-Dec 2015
● Optimized in-building and vehicular coverage on major roads by planning and simulating GSM deployment of 30 cell sites.
● Also implemented 3 LTE sites in College Park area for providing mock LTE Data coverage at minimum speed of 5Mbps.
Intelligent Transportation System: Vehicle Tracking through Kalman Filter
Mar 2016- May 2016
 Implemented Kalman Filter algorithm that tracks the position and velocity of the moving vehicle using MATLAB.
 GPS observation data and acceleration values were used to track the required parameters of the vehicle.
Automatic detection of Diabetic Macular Edema using MATLAB
Dec 2014- April 2015
● Implemented an efficient algorithm for automatic detection and classification of blood vessels in the retinal fundus image.
● Adaptive Neuro Fuzzy Inference System and Extreme Learning Machine were used for severity classification.
●
●
●
●

WORK EXPERIENCE
Student Office Assistant

College Park, MD
Engineering Information Technology- University of Maryland
Sept 2015-Present
● Excelled at office & IT operations which included setting up & troubleshooting of printer machines and PCs.
● Hands-on expertise with MS tools like Excel for accounts reconciliation and budgeting purposes.
● Developed customer understanding by responding to telephone calls, email and personnel requests for troubleshooting and
printing services.
● Demonstrated customer satisfaction skills by diffusing stressful situations and serving requests promptly.
Desktop Support Assistant
Nagpur, India
YC College of Engineering
Mar 2014- May 2015
● Performed general maintenance of lab PCs and Troubleshoot issues associated with them.
● Responsible to Install and upgrade various software like MATLAB, Orcad, PSpice.

LEADERSHIP ACTIVITIES
●
●
●

Member of Graduate Student Association (GSA) at University of Maryland.
October’15- Present
Student Organizer of ICON (a national level technical festival) at YC college of Engineering. November’14- Februaury’15
Co-Head of Electronics Student’s Association at Yeshwantrao Chavan College of Engineering, India. September’13-May’15

\n
T IANQI (T INA ) T IAN
College Park, MD
(703)303-3609  tinatian0331@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tianqi-tian

E D U C AT I O N
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Business, Major: Information System
Cumulative GPA: 3.66/4.0

Expected: Dec 2017

Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA
May 2016
Bachelor of Science, Business Information Technology
Bachelor of Science, Finance
Cumulative GPA: 3.71/4.0
P R O FE S SI O N AL E X P E R I E N C E
Business Information Technology Department Blacksburg, VA  Aug 2015 – May 2016
Research Assistant
 Tokenized 2000 tweets associated by using text mining to identify posters’ suggestions and concerns, concluded
frequently-used words in each circumstance, which was used as a prediction tool to forecast word popularity.
 Analyzed data to explore relationship between stock price fluctuation trends and 190 General Inquirer Category’s
variables, built a data-driven intelligent tool to predict future stock trends, and optimized with adjustable
specifications.
Banyan Real Estate Group  Blacksburg, VA  Jan 2015 – June 2015
Data Analyst
 Analyzed business needs and requirement to determine how technology can best remediate concerns.
 Extracted key housing information (331) from authorized website and official government websites, managed all
phases of housing database development, including designing, configuring and implementing.
 Performed regression analysis on financial data to compare similar house information, conducted designing,
building and testing the model, which was continues used in the company. Developed advanced geographic
model which provides a clear visualization about whole dataset.
 Suggested 85 premier houses for investment using research trends that generate significant revenue.
Guotai Junan Securities  Shanghai, China  July 2015 – Aug 2015
Sales and Trading Internship
 Integrated 30 security portfolio and calculated bid price daily based on the prediction, build a calculation model
which saved 70% manual process time.
 Compiled bidding and trading information, Created 78 trading agreements online and offline, and processed
agreements with partner teams to ensure the contract were correct and on time.
China Marketing International Conference Committee  Wuhan, China  May 2014 – Aug 2014
Secretary & Group Leader
 Recruited and led a team of 19 volunteers to manage conference reception activities for 500 participants,
ensured volunteers comply with policy by providing training.
 Compiled conference agenda and guideline which was adopted by conference committee for future use; built a
database by processing 700 online registrations and 267 paper submissions
 Collaborated with other team leaders across four functions, updated and documented conference data and
helped advertise team drafted reports and conference news.
 Awarded for Excellence Contribution and Certificate of Appreciation.
A D D I T I O N AL C R E D E NT I AL S
Technical Skills: Java, VBA, SQL, Python, HTML, .Net, PHP, Tableau, R, Microsoft Office (Advanced Excel, Access,
Project), Adobe (Photoshop, After Effect, Flash).
Honors/Awards: Virginia Tech Dean’s List Honors; Virginia Tech Finance Department Outstanding Rising Senior
Scholarship; Graduation with Distinction in Finance & Business Information Technology.
Volunteering Experience: Student Track Representative, Career fair Volunteers, Big Event Volunteers.

\n
Pamela Marie Joseph

	7124 Rue Louis Phillippe

	Marrero, LA  70072

	504.606.9359

	pamjoseph1@yahoo.com

	

	

	Professional Experience

	Oct 2013-Oct 2015

	Shell SEPCo /Air Energi/Document Control Specialist

		Created file folder/naming structure for all the assets of the project

	Receive and download electronic file to the appropriate folders from the Engineering

		Companies

	Distributed document to the appropriate coordinator for review

	Received /return all comments from coordinators back to Engineering companies

	Achieve all emails received

	

	July 2013-Oct 2013

				Shell Mars Development/Air Energi/Data Management

	Implementation for new structure for storing data and documents for team-in-share drive

	Creation of standard operating procedures for data management for MARS team 

	Systematic re-organization of folders and files to comply with new standard operation

		 procedures for data management

	Running programs to determine out of date files and archive the for future reference

	Holding meetings to determine the future plan for data management for all production teams

		 within Shell

		

	June 2012-March 2013

	Jacobs/CSRS New Orleans, LA/Document Control Specialist

	The record-keeping for all documents related to the FEMA-funded Infrastructure       	Recovery Projects

	Organizing and tracking the logistical needs for the implementation and support of the

	Document Control Plan

	Receiving and processing documents, including the identification, tracking, procurement, 

		and safekeeping of documents

	Provides Project Managers with administrative and archival support during planning, 

		design, procurement, and construction

	Assist Project Managers with managing the project filing system for each project

	Assists Projects Managers with special assignments and tasks (with coordination 	through Program Liaison Leader)

	Coordinates receipt, date stamping, and archiving of all contract related documents in

		conjunction with Project Managers and Control Manager to maintain proper filing 

		structure

	Pick up, process, and distribute all incoming Mail and preparing Fedex.  

	Lock Project File Cabinets

	

	

	

	

	

	

	Jan2012-April 2012

	Universal Personnel/Valero, Norco, LA/Document Control Specialist

	Organizing and recording drawings and documents used as the basis of projects

	Interfacing with engineering and project Management to organize and record plant and

		vendor drawings in established protocol to facilitate subsequent reference and retrieval

	Reviewing, cataloging and distributing all consultant drawings, shop drawings and other 	submittals as required by the Document Control

	Receiving all consultants’ drawings, logging them into database, reviewing and 	distributing them as required by Project Manager

	Preparing transmittal for documents to vendors

	

	April 2008-July 2010

	Arcadis U.S., Inc. /Document Control Manager

	Develop and maintained a very organized filling and tracking system, generated all folder 

		and labels for the contract

	Accurate filing and quality tracking of submittals, including scanning and electronic data

		management updates of documents

	Provided Administrative support duties as directed by the Vendor Data and Engineering 

		departments

	Support engineering with copies of documents and drawings as requested

	Input data onto the server (temporally) Project Wise

	Copied and distributed project documents

	Effective at building rapport with clients and providing document/contract support as a 

	

	July 2006 - Feb 2008

	URS Corporation/Document Control Specialist

	Perform accurate filing and quality tracking of submittals

	Perform scanning and electronic data management updates of documents

	Perform administrative duties as directed by the Vendor Data/Document Control 	Manager

	Support engineering with copies of documents and drawings as requested

	Create spread sheets to status and track documents as requested

	Arrange courier services for items being shipped to other locations

	Vendor Data is time sensitive and must be processed in accordance with the timeframes 	specified in the contract documents and procedures

		

	Oct. 2005 - March 2006	

	Venator Recruiting Specialists/Belfor Restoration/Administration Assistant

	Data Entry 

	Create forms 

	Purge and organize contract files

	Print and distribute correspondence

	Merging and copying sign in sheet 

	

	

	Sept. 2005 - Oct.2005

	Delta Personnel/Driver

	Driving crews to and from the jobsite

	Working all the machinery in the laundry room

	Folding and stacking all the laundry

	

	Aug. 2004 - Aug. 2005

	Regional Transit Authority/Contractor Administrator

	Data Entry 

	Create Forms 

	Purge and organize contract files

	Print and distribute correspondence

	Mail merge to send out Bid contract to Vendors

	

	_____________________________________________________________________

	

	Education

	River Parishes Vocational-Technical Institution

	Baton Rouge Vocational - Technical Institution

	Leon Godchaux High School

Software Knowledge

Microsoft Programs, Word, Access, PowerPoint & Excel.  Proficient in JD Edwards and Contract Construction System Tracking (CCST).  Docutrak, Prolog, Sharepoint, LiveLink, EDD (Cofe), Adobe and ProjectWise.  Operate various office machines.\n
Shashidhar Karnati



Experience Summary



	Possess 8 years of experience in Software development, specialized in information security with expertise in Oracle Identity and Access Management.

	

	Extensive experience in all phases of software development life cycle SDLC which includes User Interaction, Business Analysis/Modeling, Design, Development, Implementation, Integration, Documentation, Testing, Deployment, Builds, Configuration and Code Management, Production/Customer Support and Maintenance.

	

Work Experience:



IM Engineer at QSSI, Columbia, MD					Oct 2013 – present



Responsibilities:

Designed, developed and deployed enterprise Identity and Access management solutions using OIM/SOA/OAM/OHS/OVD/OID.

Involved in OIM/OAM/OHS/OVD/OID installation, configuration.

Integrated OIM with Active Directory, Sun Directory Server, OID, Oracle Database, and RACF.

Developed and deployed workflow solutions for self-service task that including approval routing and provisioning to underlying data repositories.

Implemented security hardening of the OIM/OAM and custom security solutions remediated discovered during penetration test vulnerabilities.

Lead production support troubleshooting and issue escalations with vendors and service providers, deploy the solutions for issues offered by service providers into different environments.

Monitored application servers across 10 different environments to maintain high availability using different monitoring tools like new relic and splunk.

Integrated over 50+ custom applications with OAM to provide SSO solution.

Integrated BI Publisher with IAM systems to auto generates and schedule OIM and OAM reports.

Involved in OIM/OAM product version upgrades from 11gR2 to 11gR2 PS2, 11gR2 PS2 to 11gR2PS3 and apply product patches released every quarter by oracle.

Deployed and maintained custom applications on Weblogic application server across different environments.

Environment:

OIM 11gR2, OAM 11gR2, OVD, OID, Sun LDAP, Active Directory, OSB, BI Publisher, Oracle database 11g, WebLogic, IBM RACF, OHS, SQL Developer



Security Consultant at SCIF, Pleasanton, CA				      Mar 2012 – Sept 2013



Responsibilities:

Participate in design, customize, develop and test Oracle Identity and Access Management System.

Responsible for the implementation of a new Oracle IAM suite, and the migration of existing external users and all the security groups from an Active Directory (AD) to OIM and OUD.

Responsible for design and implement scheme and attribute solutions to meet business requirements, and troubleshoot issues encountered during data conversions.

Responsible for implementing the AD Connector, DBAT connector, DBUM Connector and UNIX Connector for provisioning to the respective systems.

Used OIM APIs for writing scheduled tasks and Event handlers.

	Responsible for integrating 13 .NET custom Applications, 2 ADF custom applications and 4 Oracle applications with OAM to provide SSO solution.

	Responsible for building custom login, logout and unauthorized pages to provide the applications with Single Sign-on (SSO).

	Implemented the Advance security features of OAAM like knowledge Based Authentication and One-time Password Token to the external OAM integrated applications.

	Implemented web services and to read users and role membership data from the OUD server.

	Worked closely with the administrators on F5 load balancer, firewalls and reverse proxies.

	Environment:

	OIM 11gR2, OAM 11gR2, OAAM 11gR2, OUD 11gR2, Active Directory, Oracle database 11g,

	OTD, OHS, IIS, WebLogic, LDAP  browser, SQL Developer.

	

Program Analyst at Evolution I/O Group, Sunnyvale, CA 		        Jan 2009 -  Feb 2012



Responsibilities:

Involved in System Testing, Integration Testing and Unit Testing using JUnit.

Configuration and deployment of Applications on JBoss Application Server 7.1.

Involved in Server side programming like JSP, Servlet.

Design and development of Inbound and Outbound Webservices and Implementing SOA using Webservices.

UI development using Ajax, JQuery and JSON.

Analyzing and fixing Change Request/issues. 

Developed and enhanced the Automation User Interface.

Followed Agile Development. 

Developed tools based on Multi-thread and Event programming.

Responsible for delivery of test results and comprehensive reports of the automated regression or sanity runs on latest releases and next generation wireless networking products.

Assisting other product teams to integrate the different API/tools developed by the team.

Active participation in the QA process, including test plan creation and review.



Environment: Java, JBoss, JSP, Servlet, Ajax, JQuery, JSON, API, JUnit, Agile, SOA .



Education:

	

Master of Science in Computer Science at San Jose State University - Dec 2009.



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Shashidhar Karnati	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 1\n
Dear Hiring Manager at Paradyme Management:



	My name is Nicholas Erbe; I am beginning my senior year at the University of Maryland, College Park this fall in the philosophy program.  I am looking for a fall internship and the ad you posted looks like it might suit me and my abilities well. My program helps develop very advanced analytic reasoning and critical thinking skills, as well as giving extensive practice in communicating ideas clearly in as simple language as possible.  Philosophy also requires large amounts of research using primary sources which are not always the best written or most easily explained.

	My most recent work experience was with a very small nonprofit that is still in it’s grassroots stage called the National Center for Citizen Safety.  One of my primary responsibilities was conducting research in order to clarify our message and develop action plans that will be the most effective.  At the same time I was part of a team working to organize and coordinate our end of summer event as well as spread the word to the community.

	My work experience has been pretty diverse and I pride myself on my ability to learn from things on a daily basis and then incorporate them into other work and projects.  I look forward to learning more about your company and learning where I might fit in.



Regards,

Nicholas Erbe



Email: njerbe92@gmail.com

Linkedin:  www.linkedin.com/in/nicholas-erbe

Phone:  410-599-7168\n
Steven J. Ahlstrom 

steve.ahlstrom@me.com

Contact: 303-810-5691



Senior Software Engineer

SUMMARY

A broadly experienced Software Engineer with expertise in the design and management of online systems, development of web-centric database-oriented n-tier solutions for Fortune 1000 customers using Java and Open Source technologies. Recognized for strong leadership skills, creative problem solving, and decision making with a keen insight into Agile development. 


EXPERIENCE



Senior Java Engineer						May 2015 - Present

6 Actual Software (contract)

Worked on projects for the state of Wyoming and United Suppliers.  Create and tested RESTful webservices.  Used Java 1.8, Spring, MongoDB, MySQL, Hibernate, JPA, QueryDSL.  The team is distributed and work is remote coordinating via Skype/Slack, JIRA and Confluence.



Senior Java Engineer/Team Lead					July 2013 - Present

KillerIT/Forsythe

Lead an outsourced agile team in India. Perform all the tasks of a team lead, architect, developer, and scrum master , a wearer of many hats. Building business analytics tool and asset management tools using Java,  AngularJS, Spring,  Hibernate,  Oracle.



Senior Java Developer						October 2012 – July 2013

ePlan Services

Create custom software for a 401k system enabling small companies to provide 401k plans to their employees. Involved in all tiers of the software development from the UI to the database using Java, Spring, Velocity, Hibernate, and Oracle. Working on an agile team using Scrum. We release new software every two weeks allowing us to adapt quickly to changing business needs and deliver the most important features to the business in a timely manner.



Senior Java Developer						April 2012 – October 2012

Elavon / Unison Systems

Design and implementation of a Token Vault system for the tokenization of credit card account data between merchants and Elavon. Technologies used include Java, SOAP/Restful WebServices, JPA, Spring, CXF, AOP, Tomcat, Websphere, GWT.
Championed agile processes within an environment used to proprietary software and mainframe mentality.



Senior Java Developer 						Oct 2011 – April 2012

Canoe Ventures

Implement SCTE specifications for SOAP WebServices for systems related to Video on Demand and Dynamic Ad Insertion in an Agile environment.  Worked closely with our founding and funding partners, Comcast, Time-Warner, Cox Communications, CableVision and BrightHouse.  Development with a variety of open source technologies including Java, Hibernate, Spring, CXF, Git, Groovy / Grails.



												Senior Java Developer				  			 Nov 2009 – October 2011

												Elavon / Unison Systems

												Design and develop web services with CXF, Spring, database services with Hibernate, and front-end components with GWT/GXT, CSS, XHTML, Tomcat and Websphere for a credit card management and transaction system supporting major hotels chains and cruise lines.  Work closely with other in-house developers and coordinate with a large off-shore team.



Senior Java Developer / Team Lead				Jan 2009 – Oct 2009

Etilize – A GfK Product Data Company

Lead a team of 12 out-sourced developers.  Provide technical direction to the team.  Design architecture for new development and refactoring of old code.  Code programming patterns for team to use.  Code difficult sections of code for the team.  Work closely with the business and with customers to determine needs, timelines and cost estimations.  Core product consists of high volume product search engine, web services front end to the search engine and various ajax management consoles.



Senior Java Developer                                                                                  2008-2008

Charles Schwab / All Star Consulting

Provide development support to the Equity Operations System (EOS) and Equity Award Center (EAC) systems.  Worked on prototype development of new consumer facing products using the latest Java technologies ... Java 6, Spring 2.5,  JPA/Hibernate, Struts 2, Dojo, JUnit v4.x, Websphere, UML, CVS.  



Senior Java Developer                                                                                  2007-2008

Lehman Brothers/Aurora Loan Services

Member of the Automated Underwriting team, a project to enhance the Lehman Mortgage's core business of performing automated eligibility determination, pricing, and product identification for mortgage agents and brokers.  Primarily tasked with maintaining and extending the Eligibility and Presentation services of the system with an emphasis on server side development.  Championed the concepts of agile development, continuous integration and continuous testing.  The technologies used for this project include J2EE/Java 1.42, SOA/REST, JUnit, Maven, Eclipse, XML, XSLT, FOP, UML, Spring, Hibernate, Oracle, Weblogic, Castor,  JRules, JMS/Tibco. Subversion and Jira. 



Senior Java Developer						    2004-2007

Jeppesen / InfoFUSION

Member of the Aspen team at Jeppesen, a project to transform Jeppesen’s core business of delivering aeronautical charts from a paper publishing business to real-time electronic delivery.  Tasked with client-side and server-side components and services with an emphasis on server side and SOA services development.  Championed the concepts of agile development, continuous integration and continuous testing.  The technologies used for this project include J2EE/Java 1.42, SOA/XML/RPC, JUnit, Ant, Eclipse, EJB, XML, XMLBeans, IText, AJAX DWR, Spring, Struts, Hibernate, Oracle, JMS, UML, Weblogic, Documentum , Tibco. Clearcase, ClearQuest and Requisite Pro. 

Member of the WinOpsControl team of the American Airlines project at Jeppesen tasked with designing and implementing both GUI components and backend services for an Operations Control Center application.  Using Extreme Programming (XP) methodology, the technologies used for this project include J2EE/Java 5, JUnit, Maven, Eclipse, EJB, XML, UML, Hibernate, RDBMS (MySql, Oracle, HSQL), SOAP/WSDL, AXIS, JBoss, Castor,  Clearcase, ClearQuest and Requisite Pro. 

Member of a team at Jeppesen tasked with R&D design and development of a Java based generic generalized XML oriented database access mechanism.  The technologies used for this project include J2EE/Java 1.42, Ant, Eclipse, XML, CVS, MySQL, Jboss.

Technical Project Manager /Senior Java Developer - E-Business Development	1999-2003

Arrow Electronics, Englewood, CO

Responsible for the design and implementation of a global (60+ country) Intranet, including: 

	Manage multiple simultaneous projects while working closely with stakeholders

	Accurately estimated project costs and resources

	Manage, mentor and train software development teams

	Develop application development methodologies, standard, policies and practices

	Design and program application solutions using J2EE/Java 1.2,UML, Oracle, SourceSafe

	Extensive research and implementation of Application Servers, Content Management Systems, Portals, Workflow and Collaboration products which were then implemented and integrated into the corporate systems.

	

Practice Manager - Internet Development and E-Business Applications	1999

Modis Solutions Denver, CO

Responsible for all phases of management of the Internet Development and E-Business Applications practice, including: 

	Design E-Commerce, E-Business, Internet, Extranet and Intranet Systems

	Plan and justify processes, personnel and systems in terms of business objectives

	Maintain client relationships

	Deliver projects on time and on budget

	Recruit, hire, manage and train staff

	Negotiate partnership agreements with vendors and increase range of services offered to clients



Web Applications Development Manager//Senior Java Developer 	1997-1999

KN Energy, Lakewood, CO

Responsible for all corporate intranet applications. Key responsibilities include: 

	Manage a staff to design and implement enterprise-wide applications to be delivered via the corporate intranet to 3500 employees in over 80 locations in the U.S.  and Mexico.











DEVELOPMENT PHILOSOPHY

Produce a usable product quickly by using an agile iterative development process.  Work closely with users and have their direct involvement in the development process and build consensus on functional and non-functional requirements.  Approach the most difficult technical challenges first so that their solutions are tested most often.  Use continuous testing and continuous integration to discover and correct defects quickly.  



EDUCATION

San Diego State University, San Diego, California

Major: Telecommunications and Film



College of the Sequoias, Visalia, California

Major: Music\n
Der-Haw Wang
Java Developer
Corona, CA, US, 92880 derhaw.wang@gmail.com

Skills
●

●

●

●

●

●

●

●

Java ~ 12 year(s) of experience ~ Last used in 2016
J2EE ~ 12 year(s) of experience ~ Last used in 2016
Swing ~ 12 year(s) of experience ~ Last used in 2016
SQL ~ 12 year(s) of experience ~ Last used in 2016
Design patterns ~ 12 year(s) of experience ~ Last used in 2016
WSDL ~ 5 year(s) of experience ~ Last used in 2013
RESTful ~ 1 year(s) of experience ~ Last used in 2014
XML ~ 12 year(s) of experience ~ Last used in 2016

Work Authorization
US Citizen

Employment Type
●

Full-time

Work Experience
CSC ~ Java Developer ~ 01/2009 - Current ~ Current Employer
United Launch Alliance ~ Program Analyst ~ 12/2006 - 12/2009
Boeing ~ Program Analyst ~ 08/2004 - 12/2006

Relocate
Willing to relocate ~ No

Other Information
Security Clearance ~ No

\n
SAUMITRA DABRAL
8601, 34th Avenue College Park, MD, 20740
Phone Number (301-377-3455)

saumitra.dabral@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science, Focus Area: Supply Chain Management
(GPA-3.95)
Member of APICS

Manipal Institute of Technology, Karnataka, India
Bachelor of Technology, Focus Area: Computer Science

Expected - 12/2017

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Larsen & Toubro Infotech Ltd, Airoli, India
Software Intern
[ 08 June 2015 – 17 July 2015]
 Led a team of 3 to develop approximately 20 web page components of SPLICE-M (tool to automate software
 development life cycle processes) using ASP.NET, increasing operational efficiency by 12%.
 Conducted testing and debugging for other components generated and provided constructive feedback to
 testing manager, reducing errors by 5%.
 Received a Letter of Recommendation from Project Manager at L & T Infotech for work as a software intern
over period of 6 weeks.
The Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Graduate Research Assistant
[January 2017 – Present]
 Leveraging Bloomberg Terminal with a team of 8, to analyze data of over 200 companies in support of supply
chain resiliency.
 Perform comparative analyses to examine impact of Fortune 500 c-suite executives’ past career experience.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Project Management System
 Devised to enable user to access roughly 8 functionalities relevant to particular business according to specific
 role assigned; Manager or Subordinate.
 Designed and programmed easily operated platform designed to increase efficiency of small enterprise by
almost 10%; executed using Visual Studio 2010 and coded in C-sharp.
SUPPLY CHAIN SIMULATIONS
 Co-led team of 4 for Supply Chain Case Competition organized by APICS.

 Member of 4-man team which represented University of Maryland at first annual Supply Chain Case
Competition held at Texas Christian University. 
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
 Led Manipal Institute of Technology- A cricket team to victory in Inter College Cricket tournament-MAHE,
 2015 and received a Certificate of Appreciation from Director of Physical Education.
 Assisted Sports Council of Manipal to organize Inter College Cricket Tournament comprising of 16 teams.
RELEVANT COURSEWORK
 Global supply chain planning

 SAP software & enterprise resource planning.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION








Demonstrate good command over programming languages C, C++, ASP.NET.
Completed 40-hour course JAVA- SE 7 in advanced Java with distinction.
Possess good communication and managerial skills having managed a cricket team of 32 in college.
Member of 16-man squad representing Manipal University in Inter-University South Zone cricket tournament.

2016

\n
John   Pugh 
 

3208A   Oakland   Hall   College   Park,   MD   20742   |  (301)   956   3753   |  johndoug326@gmail.com 
 

EDUCATION   

 

University   of   Maryland:   A  James   Clark   School   of   Engineering                          C
  ollege   Park,   MD 
B.S.   Mechanical   Engineering                                                                Expected   Graduation   May   2019 
Dean’s   Scholarship                                                                                              Received   January   2015 
GPA:   3.14 
Virtus:   Living   and   Learning   Program   for   Engineers                                 Expected   Citation   May   2017 
● Promotes   community   among   first   and   second   year   engineering   students   and   provides   support 
for   academic   and   professional   success 

TECHNICAL   EXPERIENCE 
Over­Sand   Vehicle   Project,   Treasurer                                                                     College   Park,   MD 
Introduction   to   Engineering   Design                                                                              Sept   ­  Dec.   2015  
● Designed   and   constructed   an   autonomous   OSV   as   part   of   a  seven   person   team 
● Made   executive   decisions   regarding   materials   including   chassis   and   tank   treads 
● Reduced   spending   in   order   to   stay   below   $300   limit 
● Organized   and   presented   a  complete   bill   of   materials   list 
● Wrote   and   presented   a  30   page   final   design   report   to   a  board   of   5  engineering   professors 
 
Beam   Design   Project                                                                                                 C
  ollege   Park,   MD 
Mechanics   II                                                                                                                     Sept­Dec.   2016 
● Constructed   a  composite   wooden   I­beam   to   fail   close   to   1500   lb   load 
● Calculated   failure   of   1478   lb,   Tested   failure   of   1512   lb 
● Achieved   closest   calculated   failure   of   any   group 

LEADERSHIP 
JCC   of   Greater   Washington                                                                                           Rockville,   MD 
Inclusion   Counselor                                                                                            June   ­  Aug.   2014   ­  2015 
● Worked   one   on   one   with   a  camper   who   had   disabilities 
● Administered   tasks   to   camp   volunteers 
● Led   campers   safely   through   daily   events 
● Engaged   kids   to   give   them   a  positive   experience 
 
Asbury   Methodist   Village                                                                                         G
  aithersburg,   MD  
Volunteer   Activities   Assistant 
     June   2015   
● Guided   residents   through   transitions   between   activities 
● Fostered   respect   and   integrity   among   volunteers   towards   residents 

SKILLS 
● Creo   Parametric,   Autodesk   Inventor,   Solid   Works,   Arduino,   MATLAB,   Microsoft   Word, 
Powerpoint,   Excel 
 
 

\n
SHIRIN BHAMBHANI
3409, Tulane Drive, Apt 32, Hyattsville, MD 20783 | (240) 893 1271 | shirinb@umd.edu
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shirinbhambhani
EDUCATION
University of Maryland
College Park, MD
M.S. Telecommunications Engineering (GPA: 3.83/4)
Expected May 2017
Manipal Academy of Higher Education: Manipal Institute of Technology
Manipal, India
B.E. Electronics and Communication Engineering (CGPA: 7.04/10)
July 2014
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Tools
: Cisco Packet Tracer, Matlab, VMware ESXi 6.0, GNS3 Network Simulator, AWS, JIRA, Wireshark, Qt,
Microsoft Office, TeraVM, Cisco ASA, Mininet, Retina Network Scanner
Networking Concepts
: OSI, TCP/IP, RIP, OSPF, EIGRP, IGRP, BGP, DNS, DHCP, STP, NAT, PAT, VPN, SDN, OpenFlow
Programming Skills
: C++, Python, SQL
Operating Systems
: Windows, Linux-RHEL, HP-UX
CERTIFICATIONS
Cisco Certified Network Associate (973/1000); Cisco Certified Network Associate - Security (962/1000); Junos (JNCIA-Junos)
RELEVANT COURSEWORK
Networks and Protocols, Introduction to Digital Communications, Network Design and Configuration Lab (Configuration of Juniper
Network Devices), Cloud Computing, Internet of Things – Systems and Protocols
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
CGC Technologies Inc.
Silver Spring, MD
Network Engineer
September 2016 – October 2016
 Managing different customer networks remotely and by visiting on-site when required. Providing solutions to the problems
faced by customers, like access issues and connectivity issues, through helpdesk support and ticketing system. Taking
weekly backup of all the network devices of the customer networks.
 Performing cyber penetration tests on the customer networks and upgrading their entire network infrastructure.
Monitoring network connectivity continuously through Spiceworks Network Monitoring tool.
Cisco Systems (Zenaide Technologies Inc.)
Columbia, MD
Security Engineer – Intern
May 2016 – August 2016
 Successfully set up a virtual testing environment using VMware ESXi 6.0 Client for testing security policies like SSL and AMP
for Cisco Security Devices, using TeraVM testing tool.
 Worked with multiple vendors and interdependent teams for the development of sizing guides for Cisco Security Devices,
detailing deliverables and overall project status.
Center for Advanced Transportation Technology Lab
University of Maryland - College Park, MD
IT Intern
March 2016 - May 2016
 Maintained 200+ servers across several data centers, using JIRA. Installed and administered CentOS and Windows virtual
servers on VMware ESXi 6.0. Configured and managed physical switches and firewalls during migration of data centers.
 Worked extensively on Windows domain controllers using Active Directory.
Tata Consultancy Services
Gurgaon, India
Assistant System Engineer-Trainee
August 2014 – June 2015
 Administration of RHEL, Solaris and HP-UX physical and virtual servers. Operations included installation, monitoring,
migration, retirement, patching and troubleshooting of servers.
 Managed Disk file systems, Server Performance and file permissions using Logical Volume Management Server.
 In charge of accounts creation, including setting up of user and group logins, network configurations, resolving permission
conflicts and password management on Linux servers using LDAP Internet protocol.
PROJECTS:
University of Maryland – College Park
College Park, MD
AWS Platform - Private Cloud Infrastructure Design and Analysis
September 2016
 Experimented with AWS Cloud Infrastructure Services and deployed Amazon Virtual Cloud launching EC2 instances.
 Configured security groups and gave elastic IPs to the instances to access the internet. Deployed various applications like
OpenVPN and VyOS Software Infrastructure.
Cellular Base Station
April 2016 – May 2016
 Developed a Python-based cellular base station, with cellular communications concepts of hand-offs, channeling, successful
call, call drops, sectoring, propagation losses and angle discrimination, amongst others.
 Used a modular approach, constructing each function used into a module and running the simulation scripts for successful
call connections over a road length of 6km.
Telecommunication Engineering Centre
New Delhi, India
LAN Simulation
June 2013 – July 2013
• Designed virtual networks using various switching and routing protocols like STP and EIGRP, OSPF on CISCO Packet
Tracer and security measures like NAT and ACL.
• Assisted with the demonstration of traffic handling using live routers and switches.

\n
KHUSHBOO NIGAM
8125, 48TH AVE, APT 520, Parkside, College Park, (240) 825-7001, khushboo2243@gmail.com

Education
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
M.S. Telecommunications Engineering (Computer Networks/Network Engineering) (Expected May 2018)
GPA: 3.57/4
Coursework: - Networks and Protocols (Advanced), Network Programming, Distributed Systems in a Virtual Environment, Introduction to Cellular
Communication Networks
Jaypee Institute of Information Technology, Noida, India
B.Tech Electronics and Communication (July 2011- July 2015)
GPA: 8.3/10
Coursework: - Mobile Communications, Telecommunication Networks, Introduction to Computers and Programming (Programming in C), Object
Oriented Systems and Programming (Programming in JAVA)

Technical Skills
Programming languages

Operating System
Software Expertise

Networking Protocols
Networking Tools

C(Practitioner), Python(Practitioner),
JAVA(Moderate), SQL(Moderate),
C++(Basic)
Windows, Ubuntu Linux
Frontline Analytic Solver, VMware
Workstation, VMware vSphere,
Microsoft Visual Studio, MS Office
TCP/IP, OSPF, BGP, RIP, EIGRP
Cisco Packet Tracer, Wireshark, Putty

Academic Presentation and Projects


Worked on project- IP & Domain Dossier System (November 2016- December 2016)
An iterative Domain Name Server using text file fostering the domain and IP Database
 Implemented DNS over TCP/IP and Server-Client communication using Socket Programming in C
 Implemented Linked List data structure in C for storing domain name, IP address.
 Implemented log file at the server indicating requesting client IP and time of access
 Used Ubuntu Linux environment on virtual machines (built on VMware Workstation)



Designed SNMP (Simple Network Management Protocol) monitor (October 2016- November 2016)
 SNMP monitor is a client side application which allows monitoring of system variables presented to it in form of MIB OIDs
 Polled multiple SNMP enabled Virtual Machines (built on VMware Workstation) running Ubuntu server gathering runtime statistics

Work Experience
Jaypee Institute of Information Technology, Noida, India
Research Assistant (July 2015- January 2016)

Engineered a way to reduce the complexity of Partial Transmit Sequence (PTS), which is a widely used scheme for OFDM

Implemented modified Partial Transmit Sequence scheme with improvised CCRR values
Bharat Electronics Limited, India
Technical Intern (July 2014-August 2014)



Learned concepts to install, operate and troubleshoot enterprise networks
Included connecting to a WAN, routing & switching, TCP/IP configuration, IP addressing, determining IP routes, managing IP traffic and
establishing point-to-point connections

Bharti Airtel, India
Technical Intern (June 2014-July 2014)

Studied the basics of a GSM system and its architecture which revolutionized communication

Gained knowledge about aspects of GSM such as hand off, Frequency-reuse, building blocks of GSM architecture: MSC, BSC

Publications



“Grouping and Mirror Image PTS for PAPR reduction in OFDM System” in (AET-AEE 2015). Published in McGraw Hill and Indexed in
GRENZE (Grenze ID: 02.AET.2015.6.33)
“Iterative-Grouping and Image PTS for PAPR Reduction in OFDM System” in SPIN-2016, sponsored by IEEE

Honors and Achievements


Ambassador for TSAN (Telecommunications Student Alumni Network), UMD (August 2016- Present)

\n
Yiyang(Eric) Zhou
9530 Baltimore Ave, College Park, MD, 20740· (612) 516-2045 · yiyang.zhou@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information System

GPA:3.38

December 2017

Carlson School of Management, University of Minnesota, Twin Cities, MN
Bachelor of Science, Double Major in Accounting and Finance, Minor: Insurance
l

Cumulative GPA: 3.53/4.00

l

150 credits by B.S. Graduation. Dean’s List

2015

EXPERIENCE
Wells Fargo Home Mortgage
Loan Servicing Specialist，Minneapolis, MN
l

July 2015- May 2016

Reviewed bank notes, mortgage, loan modification documents and transaction history; Settled more than 10 cases
per day in average to save more than 200 homes per month by avoiding foreclosure

l

Analyzed settlement process and proposed improvement plans in monthly meetings; Implemented 8 changes in
checklist spreadsheet, increasing settlement efficiency by 12%

l

Obtained customer information and updated system records using various tools such as MSP and notary websites;
Processed more than 70 scrubs per day; Communicated with other departments to ensure information accuracy

Volunteer Tax Assistance Program
Tax Preparer, Minneapolis, MN
l

January 2015-April 2015

Collaborated with tax professionals in 5-day tax preparer training to attain tax return knowledge for both residents
and non-residents; Attained license of Tax Preparer Certificate from IRS

l

Communicated with more than 100 non-resident students; explained tax return process to clients; prepared more
than 120 tax documents and got approximately $5,000 dollars returned for 2014 tax season

U finance
Audit Team, Minneapolis, MN
l

October 2013-April 2015

Led a team of 3 to conduct audits of financial statement and vendor invoice for 5 different university student
organizations; Reviewed and vouched 200+ statement transactions to customer invoices and receipts

l

Collaborated with 5 student organization treasurers to retrieve transaction information, and trace transactions to
organizations’ general ledger by using excel model; Reconciled balance sheet and income statement of over $6,000

ADDITIONAL INFORMAITON
Big Data Project, Data Analyst
l

January 2017 – February 2017

Conducted sentiment analysis on 3000+ movie dataset using Twitter API; Wrote HTML script to develop 4 linked
front-end web page demonstration; Explored NLTK python packages to run text mining 1000+ movie comments

Data Mining Project, Data Analyst
l

January 2017- February 2017

Cooperated with 4 team members to research customers’ characteristics for bank marketing strategy; Built logistic
regression model to run predictive analysis; Cross validated model and achieved model accuracy of 76%

Database Management Project, Team Lead
l

November 2016- December 2016

Led a team of 4 to provide information system consulting to 3 clients on integrated information of universities;
Cleaned, scrubbed 6 data sheet of raw data and built back-end database for customized solution

Business Association of Multicultural Students，Supply Chain Team Member
l

August 2012-August 2013

Cooperated with 20 BAM members to host Angel Benefit Concert Charity event; Designed logistic processes for
Concert events; Raised fund of $14,000 for Habitat in Humanity in Minneapolis

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Languages: Native speaker in Mandarin and Cantonese; English;
Technical Skills: Proficient in MS Office Suite; Python; R; Tableau; SQL; Data Mining; HTML; SDLC

\n
Paris Allen
611 Southern Avenue #201
Oxon Hill, MD 20745
MOBILE: (240) 350-5570
Objective

Organized, independent worker with strong time management skills. Detail-oriented and able to
learn new tasks quickly and effectively.

Education

Eleanor Roosevelt High School
Graduate Class of ’10
• Won certificate for Best Business Plan Showcase
• Honor Student – 3.85 GPA
• Awarded certificate for Outstanding Artistic Achievement
(Artwork displayed at BWI Thurgood Marshall Airport and Maryland Hall for Creative Arts )

Experience

Silver Diner – (Waitress)
09/2012 – Present
•
•
•
•
•
•

Assisted guests with making menu choices in an informative and helpful fashion.
Maintained knowledge of current menu items, garnishes, ingredients and preparation
methods.
Delivered exceptional, friendly and fast service.
Regularly checked on guests to ensure satisfaction with each food course and beverages.
Skillfully anticipated and addressed guests’ service needs.
Accurately recorded orders and partnered with team members to serve food and
beverages that exceeded guests’ expectations.

Classic Concierge – (On-call Concierge)
09/2013 – 04/2014
•
•
•
•
•

Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone
and in-person requests for information.
Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.
Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the
building.
Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the building.
Facilitated working relationships with co-tenants and building management.

Planned Companies – (Concierge)
01/2013 – 04/2013
•
•
•
•
•

Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Supplied key cards and building access to employees and visitors.
Received and distributed faxes and mail in a timely manner.
Cross-trained and provided back-up for other concierges when needed.
Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints.

Staples – (Customer Service Representative)
08/2011 – 01/2013
•
•
•
•
•
•

Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.
Cleaned and straightened work area.
Issued receipts for purchases and gifts.
Worked with customer service to resolve issues.
Provided professional and courteous service at all times.
Operated cash register with proficiency.

\n
Rabia Ahmed ǀ 4708 Kiernan road, College Park, MD 20740 ǀ 240-638-8998 ǀ ahmed.rabia786@hotmail.com

Education: 	Bachelor of Science, Finance			              	      	          Dec 2015

											University of Maryland at College Park			College Park, MD

		                           Robert H. Smith School of Business 	Overall GPA: 3.465

		

Associates of Science, Business Administration		                               August 2013

											Prince George’s Community College			Largo, MD

				Overall GPA: 3.6

								Work 		Paradyme Management, Inc.		Greenbelt, MD

					Experience:       Program Control Specialist	   01/2015 – Present

					

Preparation of financial internal/external reports (Annual Operating Plan, Waterfalls, Indicated Finals, EACs/ETCs, Spend-plans).

Development of budgets and schedules for all contract work and setup.

Analyze planned, budgeted and actuals financial data by project and roll-up to enterprise report. 

Prepares and/or presents Monthly Contract Report Deliverables

Interface with the following departments: contracts, subcontracts, accounting, accounts payable, purchasing organizations, and pricing. 

Manage, maintain, and monitor subcontractor funding and expenditures.

Ensure compliance with all Paradyme policies, internal controls, disclosed practices and contractual requirements. 

Working knowledge of contract terms and conditions and ability to work hand-in-hand with contracts department.

Provide direction and instruction to Billing Staff for preparation and submission of invoices.
Unbilled and DSO analysis with proactive actions to monitor, improve or maintain.

Perform analyses and prepare reports in order to ensure that contracts are within negotiated and agreed-upon parameters and cost control guidelines. 

Provide support to meet corporate requirements will include development of quarterly estimates at completion and monthly financial reports. 

Participate in the preparation of budgets and schedules for contract work and perform and/or assist in financial analyses such as funding profiles, sales outlook, and variance analysis. 

Provide pricing and BOE support for Add-ons, Modifications, and changes to current programs.

Assist and participate on proposal teams for new bids to include coordination with pricing, management, subk management, strategy, and staffing.

Ensure adequate funding availability by maintaining accurate records of expenditures, and preparing expenditure projections, and working with Contracts to submit timely requests for additional funding to the government.

Software Utilized: Paycom, eFAACT(DCAA compliant system), Quickbooks, Accounting Workflow System.

					

							Accounts Specialist	     10/2013 – 01/2015

Overseen Time Entry, Payroll, Accounts Receivable, and Accounts Payable to facilitate the processing of vendor and employee funds.

Reconciled internal records with eFAACT, Quickbooks, ADP and Workflow system on monthly basis.

Assisted with administrative functions of the corporate office.

Software Utilized: Insperity, ADP, eFAACT(DCAA compliant system), Quickbooks, Accounting Workflow System.





	Intern	12/12 – 09/13

Conducted data research

Assisted in recruiting and project management

Assisted in office routine tasks



	Prince George's Community College	Hyattsville, MD

	Peer Leader	11/12 – 12/13

	

Assisted instructors in teaching Standard American English

Tutored students as needed

Kept track of every student’s performance



	QI of Darussalaam	College Park, MD

	Administrative Assistant	07/11 – 11/13

	

Maintained good, productive contact with clients and staff

Inputted data into the QuickBooks (invoice customers, receive payments, and keep track of all the accounts)

Kept the backup of data in Database

Assisted in all office procedures, planning and correspondence

Software Utilized: Quickbooks, MS Access Database





											Activities:	UMD Primannum Honors Society - Vice President of Finance                  05/2015 – 01/2016

Document expenditures

Hold bi-weekly committee meetings

Plan and execute fundraisers

Communicate with advisors to ensure that adequate funds are present in the budget.

													Students Government Association – President			2011

	Advocated for all the students

	Interacts with administration

	Resolved routine issues and conflicts between the students

Skills:	Computer: Proficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook), Web Surfing & Technical issues

		Languages: English (fluent), Urdu (fluent), Hindi (conversational) and Punjabi (fluent)

Certifications: National Hospitality Federation Certification, Internet and Computing Core Certification, Microsoft® Office Specialist Certification, Certified in Customer Service, Bloomberg Pro Certification

Others: Peer Mediation, Event Planning, Member of International Honors Society (Phi Theta Kappa, Pi Sigma Alpha and Primannum)\n
Tushar Bhardwaj

Work Experience:

Deloitte Consulting, LLP, Arlington,VA 	       		                           May 2008 – August 2013

Technical Lead, DSCA – SCES Implementation

Key Work Experience:

Provided overarching technical support for Oracle EBS R12 implementation.

 Developed, designed, and reviewed RICE documents.

Provided feedback and recommendations, design hardware infrastructure, and design compliance matrix for Enterprise Architecture (EA) and DoDAF for client. 

Prepared requirements for servers, instance and software/ hardware, compliance requirements matrix for DoDAF, BEA, and Solution Architecture. 

Reviewed and provided comments for function/ technical design specifications and business process flows.  

Established Configuration Change Control Board procedures and provided regular updates to government on progress, risks, and issues impacting project cost and schedule.

Prepared, reviewed, and provided feedback on MD 50s, MD70s, CV20, BR 100 and TA 40 for Oracle and OBIEE dashboard requirements.

Oracle 11g, Oracle R12 modules worked on includes AP, AR, GL, PO, PA, and Inventory.

Design hardware footprint for Oracle R12, dataware house and OBIEE implementation.

Assisted and updated SOPs and Concepts of Operations (CONOPS) documents.

Prepare and provide periodic updates and reports to Project Management.

Prepared BPRs, risk and issues, and Change Control/ Management Board procedure.

	

	Client: US Air Force ECSS-cMRO CRP  

	CRP Instance Management Strategist

	Developed hardware requirements, strategy for hosting, backups, cloning, and patching for Conference Room Pilot (CRP) for US Air Force’s complex Maintenance, Repair and Overhall application (cMRO). The deliverable includes instances and schedules for code migration, backup and roll-back plans, application/ security patching, data load, and CRP execution plan. 

	Identified hardware requirement for CRP with respect to number of instances, size, performance, scalability, and reusability.

	Prepared hardware physical and logical model for CRP.

	

	Client: Bureau of Engraving and Printing 

	O&M Manager

	Responsible for application support and infrastructure maintenance including production, test and development servers, Real Application Cluster (RAC), data guard, Weblogic servers, OBIEE and Oracle databases. 

	Developed processes for change/ release management, configuration management, back-ups, system maintenance plan, ensured servers/ database compliance with BEP standards.  

	Provided monthly system availability report, weekly/ monthly status reports and other deliverables and milestones to client as per task order compliance. 

	Developed and modified custom Interfaces and extensions per requirements.

	Managed PROD, Test, DEV, OBIEE and Disaster recovery environment and resolved trouble tickets.

	Established Change Control Board and code migration process.

	Provided quality deliverables and periodic status reports to the project management.

	Worked with Oracle 10g, 11g, Oracle 11.5.10 environment with AP, AR, GL, and PO modules.

	

	Project: DISA FAMIS 

	RICE Lead 

	Worked on DISA FAMIS 4.0 upgrade to Oracle R12.

	Provided expertise in designing comprehensive RICEW components. 

	Leveraged available documents and other materials.

	Prepared functional and technical design documents and a list of conversion objects and interfaces (manual and automated). 

	Prepared Inventory of RICE objects.

	Prepared MD50s and MD70s for interfaces, conversions, and custom extensions.

	Collected available documents and existing code for upgrade.

	Oracle R12 environment with AP, AR, GL, PO and PA modules, Oracle 10.

	

	Project: Los Alamos National Lab Upgrade 

	Data Conversion Lead

	Responsible for preparing strategy to convert Legacy mainframe applications data into Oracle R12 environment. The legacy application which is to be converted into Oracle are custom Assets/ Capital Projects and Accounts Receivable (AR) modules. 

	Developed strategy which includes recommendations, milestones, identification of oracle target tables, required resources and key activities. 

	Identified volume of data and tables for conversion from mainframe.

	Mapped data columns to tables in Oracle R12 environment.

	Prepared algorithms and pseudo codes for data conversion programs.

	Identified available APIs and custom tables required for conversion.

	IBM Mainframe, Oracle R12, AR and Fixed Assets modules. 

	

	Project: Technical Liaison/ DHHS UFMS 

	Transition Manager

	Responsible for integration of three new application (Property Management (Sunflower), BIRS (OBIEE), and CFRS (Hyperion) into HHS FESM program. 

	Developed application integration project plan, methodology, prepared transition checklists, milesstones, conducted discovery sessions, training workshops, and demonstrations. 

	Responsible for assessment and documentation of risks and issues, configurations, day-to-day technical support and user requirements. 

	Contributed hardware requirements, performed capacity planning, and managed comprehensive planning for systems on-boarding. 

	Oversaw monitoring, tracking, report progress, maintaining and compilation of various reports related to the progress of applications on-boarding. 

	Prepared dashboard designs and ETL algorithms per user requirement.

	Utilized Oracle 11.5.10, OBIEE, Hyperion environment and Sunflower application, IT Audit & Systems Security Manager/ DHHS-UFMS.

	Provided support and streamline IT Systems Audit and security service area. 

	Worked with various audit teams and provided support for A123 Assessment, Financial audit and FISMA audit. This includes analysis of audit requirements, prepare and provide documents, evidences and artifacts to auditors in timely manner. 

	Responsible for analysis of audit findings, prepare and implement resolutions, maintain POAMs and support management in response preparation.

	Provided IT Systems Audit support to FISMA/ FISCAM, A123 and CFO auditors.

	Prepared POAMS and remediation for audit findings.

	

	Client: Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 

	Financial Data Reconciliation SME

	Responsible for design and development of a toolkit to automate reconciliation process. The custom module named as “Reconciliation Toolkit” extracts data from Sub Ledgers (Liability, Prepayments, Receivables, Accruals and UDO), and General Ledger, compare, and assist government in reconciliation based on predefined rules. The toolkit is designed to generates unmatched/ error summary and detail reports. 

	Provided expert advice and suggestions to conduct clean reconciliation.

	Collected requirements, designed database.

	Designed and built custom RICE objects. 

	Established Oracle Discoverer Business Area, Item Classes, and Discoverer reports. 

	Prepared RICE design documents including MD50s, MD70s, implementation guides for custom interfaces, conversions, workflows, and extensions.

	Prepared test scripts, test scenarios and user training documents.

	Developed interfaces, Oracle reports and Oracle forms, and Discoverer reports.

	Utilized Oracle 11.5.10 environment with AP, AR, GL, PO modules, Oracle 10.

	

	Client: DHHS UFMS 

	Audit Remediation New Development, Task Lead

	Supported Audit Remediation at Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS), Office of Finance (OF). Streamlined and enhanced the audit extracts required by HHS financial Auditors. These Audit extracts are required by Auditors on a quarterly basis and are generated from the Unified Financial Management System (UFMS) in a very tight schedule. Timely delivery, quality and accuracy of the data extracts are critical and central to the HHS financial audits. 

	Led a team of highly skills professionals to guide, support and provide SM Expertise in Audit related issues. Configured, customized and managed RICE design & RICE development.

	Tested, trained and led a team of functional, technical consultants.  

	Designed a custom solution to extract and deliver audit data extracts to auditors. This custom product is implemented in the HHS-UFMS as a Self Service Audit Toolkit. 

	Prepared RICE design documents including MD50s, MD70s, implementation guides.

	Prepared test scripts, test scenarios and user training documents.

	Developed custom interfaces, reports, extensions, and workflows, Oracle 10.













U.S. Department of Education(FSA)				                           April 2008 – June 2008

	Application Architect

Key Work Experience:

Designed custom extension module to automate financial reconciliation process. The custom extension was designed to reconcile various subsystems based on predefined rules, such as AP to GL, AR to GL, COD to SAS, Lenders to GL. This automated tool will load data and match transaction based on predefined rules on monthly basis and generate various summary and detail reports. 

Collected requirements, conducted analysis, designed database structure, designed forms and report, 

Setup Oracle Discoverer EUL, Business Areas, Item Classes, and prepared Technical and Functional design document.

Prepared architecture design for custom application and integration procedures 

Developed Oracle Discover reports, design documents, and testing scenarios

Prepared implementation procedures and user training material

Developed MD 50, MD 70, MD 120 for custom RICE objects including Discoverer Reports

Utilized Oracle 11I environment with AP, AR, GL, and PO modules





IBM Corporation					                                             April 2004 – April 2008

	Key Work Experience:

Client: DHHS-CMS  

Oracle Discoverer Reports Lead

Collected functional requirements from end-users and prepared design for Oracle Discoverer reports. 

Analyzed requirements, prepared design and Oracle Discoverer reports.

Developed prototypes of Discovere reports and submitted for approval.



Client: Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) 

Reports Lead

Managed system configuration, data conversion, report development, and data analyses. 

Oversaw and resolved functional and technical issues related to reporting, application function, interface and data integrity. 

Collected functional requirements, developed functional and technical specifications for customization, tested reports, and worked with core technical team to develop solutions. 

Administered Oracle Discoverer 10g (Development Instance)

Resolved technical issues related to the Discoverer including End User Layers (EULs), custom folder/ view, links/ joins, and workbooks. 

Extracted data for comparison per stated details. 

Wrote SQL queries, developed Discoverer workbooks and created folders in application to extract data for FAA reconciliation efforts. 

Analyzed requirements, prepared RICE design documents (MD 50, MD 70, MD 120) and Oracle Discoverer reports

Developed interfaces, extensions, workflows, conversions and reports including Oracle Discoverer

Developed test scripts, scenarios, and tracking procedures

Prepared implementations procedures and user training material





CNS-Inc.                                                                                                                        March 2002 – April 2004

	Key Work Experience:

Client: State of Maine, Bureau of Medicare Services

Programmer Analyst

Collected requirements, designed database structure for claims management module. 

Prepared pseudo codes for custom packages and procedures, and designed report layouts. Wrote interfaces in PL/SQL for data transfer between sub systems 

Applied development procedures and standards effectively for the successful completion of the project.

Collected requirements, prepared design documents for Interfaces and reports.

Developed database and table design, custom interfaces and reports, and extensions.

Prepared data conversion programs, test scenarios and instruction guide.



Client: U.S. Dept. of Education, Federal Student Aid (FSA)

Programmer Analyst

Collected requirements, prepared specifications, design documents, analyzed and sought end user approval before development. 

Modified existing reports and developed custom reports Oracle Discoverer as per Federal Government compliance requirements. 

Collected requirements, prepared design documents for Oracle and Discoverer reports.

Developed custom reports and test scenarios.

Prepared user training material and implementation instruction guide.

		

iGate Corp. (formerly Mastech)				                       August 1998 – March 2002

	Key Work Experience:

Client: U.S. Chamber of Commerce

Programmer Analyst

Reference

Developed custom interfaces using pl/sql and shell scripts and have written store procedure and triggers to enhance the security and performance of the overall system.  

Performed unit and volume testing before releasing to production environment.

Performed data validation process and loading into the system tables.



Collected requirements, prepared design documents for Oracle and Discoverer reports

Developed custom reports and test scenarios.

Prepared user training material and implementation instruction guide.



	

Grafix Software LTD						      February 1998- August 1998 Key Work Experience:

	Client: U.S. Chamber of Commerce

	Programmer Analyst

Reference

Coverted PL/SQL programs and Oracle Forms from version 3.0 to 4.5 for an upgrade project for British Gas PLC in London, UK. 



       DISC Information Technology (now infobase.com)                                    August 1994 – February 1998

Client: State Govt. of U.P, and Rajasthan 

Programmer

Reference

Working on projects for State of Rajasthan (BIP) and State of U.P. (PICUP), I have collected requirements from end-users, design forms and reports templates, prepared pseudo codes. Developed PL/SQL programs and implemented the solution using Oracle client/ server technology.

	

Education:

Master of Computer Applications		

B.Com/ Undergrad (Commerce & Accounting), Meerut University, India

Oracle OUM Certification

ITIL V3 Certification and Training in ETL Tool (Informatica)





Hui Zhao	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Tushar Bhardwaj	Paradyme Management Inc.	        Page 6 of 6\n
KHUSHAL NAVANI
+1-(240)-758-9179; navani.khushal@gmail.com

https://www.linkedin.com/in/khushalnavani

EDUCATION
University of Maryland – College Park
Masters, Information Management
Vivekanand Education Society’s Institute of Technology – University of Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Technology, Computer Engineering
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
University of Maryland (Office of Institutional Research, Planning, and Assessment)
Graduate Assistant
 Development of Web portal for hosting Tableau reports

Aug 2016-May 2018
GPA: 3.80
Aug 2009-Jun 2013
GPA: 3.90
Feb 2017-Present

Paladion Networks: (Cyber Security) - Navi Mumbai, India
Dec 2014-Aug 2016
Software Engineer
 Engineered, developed, and designed the User Interface of the application conforming to the latest standards
 Developed 15+ custom and reusable chart plugins in D3.js to eliminate cost of depending on external paid chart libraries
 Initiated the big data visualization module, implementing 10+ interactive dashboards with more than 10K data points
 Identified huge files (HTML/CSS/JS), rewrote and restructured them to reduce loading times by 50%
 Optimized the performance of SQL queries by 95% by removing cursors and implementing complex queries and joins
Indus Valley Partners: (Hedge Fund Consulting) - Mumbai, India
Jun 2013-Nov 2014
Associate Software Engineer
 Implemented an Order Management system for a hedge fund client – designed the database ER, visual mockups, coded the
business logic layer and the data access layer over a REST architecture, developed a responsive UI
 Constructed a migration summary for a project from .NET 2.5 to .NET 4 and from SQL 2005 to SQL 2012. Implemented the
same providing overall 30% optimization, allowing parallel loading of more files, reducing delay in loading files by 1 hour
 Developed 10+ custom reports using MS SSRS to visualize data and hence facilitate management decisions
 Increased accuracy and efficiency of ETL mechanism by 30% by automating it using SSIS and shell scripts
 Optimized and improved 10+ PL/SQL codes to ensure faster data retrieval and report generation
 Troubleshot 5+ bugs/issues reported by the client per week and resolved them in timely manner
Affinity: (Contextual Advertising) – Mumbai, India
Web development Intern
Ayi Bo Solutions Pvt Ltd: (E Learning) – Mumbai, India
Database Management Intern

Jun 2012-Jul 2012
May 2011-Jul 2011

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Exploratory Data Analysis - IMDB dataset
Sep 2016-Dec 2016
Identify the factors responsible for the success of a movie measured by both ratings and gross revenues and find how production
houses can invest in new movies based on these factors.
Information Analysis and Data visualization – Toxics Release Inventory(TRI) System
Sep 2016-Dec 2016
Analyze the TRI report from year 2000 to 2015 and identify which regions are under threat from pollutants and how the waste
disposal can be minimized via recycling, re use and energy conversion. Developed dashboards in tableau and R for storytelling.
Mumbai road traffic analysis and Simulation
Jun 2012-Jun 2013
Use of rotation of standardized public transport bus wheels as a measure of traffic density for more accurate results than GPS. Use of
Bus stops as nodes in a network graph and roads as links. Provide alternatives routes rerouting (Implemented before Google Maps)
College Website and Linkart – Ecommerce platform and auction portal
Jun 2011-May 2012
Developed and designed a College Website, which provided overview of the college and acted as a CMS while providing a dedicated
student and teacher portal. Developed Linkart – an ecommerce platform for all forms of art, which included a live auction portal.
Sudoku Solver
Coded 9 recursive techniques to solve a Sudoku puzzle, was able to solve puzzles from easy to medium level.

Jun 2009-May 2010

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Data Analytics: R
Data Visualization: Tableau, R, D3.js, Highcharts, Google charts, Fusion Charts
Databases: MS SQL, MySQL, Hive
Programming: Java, ASP .NET
Web: HTML 5, JavaScript, CSS3, jQuery, Angular JS(1.x), Bootstrap
Tools/Software: MS SharePoint, MS Visual Studio, Eclipse, SVN, Visual Paradigm, MS Office Suite, Google Maps API, SSIS, SSRS

\n
Ann Chamberlin

513-693-0888  ann.chamberlin79@yahoo.com

Objective

To procure long term employment based upon prior work achievements. 

Professional Achievements

Numerous Managerial Course/Seminars, employer provided

Customer Service & Sales Strategies

Inventory Control & Loss Prevention

Trained on Composing Condition Reports

Auto Frame Damage Identification



Skills





Process Improvement

HTML Code

Office Managerial/Administrative

Office Clerk & Accounting

Financial Data Research

Share Point

WordPress



AS400 & Mitchell Estimating

MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook Experience

Document Control

Corporate Document Management System- Duke Energy-Fusion



Work History

Contractor-Document Control Specialist

Managed documentation, maintain file systems and storage locations for the following engineering data:

Design changes

Specifications

Microfilm masters - maintain the Primary master files and track / log requests received

Engineering precision masters - create precision engineering masters of specified plot files from scribe coat and/or Mylar material

Drawings - perform the drawing issue process for all Revenue Sharing Partners (RSP) drawings and specs this includes checking drawings for image quality

Standards- Process improvement

Track / log requests received for the above and provide a report of these to GEA on a quarterly basis

GE Aviation, Evendale, OH (513) 430-6670

Pat Abbas/ Program Leader - Program Management

August 2016 to Present

Contractor-Manager/ Document Control Specialist

Managed documentation, maintain file systems and storage locations for the following data:

Supervise/ Lead & support contract team

Convert paper documents to digital format

Track / Log all documents

Maintain / Update process guides



Duke-Energy, Cincinnati, OH (513) 287-1599

Robert McLelland/Gas Records and mapping Supervisor



November 2015 to August 2016

Office Supervisor

Accounting/ Invoicing

Supervise/ Lead & support contract team

Convert paper documents to digital format

Track / Log all documents

Maintain / Update process guides



Records Express, Batavia, OH

Shirley Melton/ HR (513) 685-7329

June 2013 to August 2016

Account Coordinator/ Body shop admin/Arbitration Admin

Manheim Cincinnati, Springdale, OH

Kelly Spaulding/ Fleet Manager

June 2006 to September 2010

Call Center Agent

ATM Solutions, Inc, Forest Park, OH

Josh Freels/ Vice President

July 2004 to October 2004



Education

Cincinnati State Technical & Community College

Cincinnati, OH

4/2011 to 9/2012



References

References are available on request.\n
Didem Uzuncaova
Bothell, WA
5123632293

SUMMARY

I am a software test engineer who is experienced in application compatibility testing and
software localization testing; knowledgeable in SDLC (software development life cycle),
executing test plans, tracking and logging defects in Mercury Quality Center and Visual
Studio; worked on projects in Windows, Bing and Microsoft Sync; completed certificate
program on quality assurance / software testing; motivated, hard working and self- driven
individual with excellent social skills.

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

Testing

Quality Assurance

Localization

SDLC

Data Analysis

Software Testing

Linguistic tester- Turkish

Visual Studio

TFS

Web Applications

Compatibility Testing

Windows 7

Windows 8

Windows 8.1

Bug Tracking

Regression Testing

Manual Testing

Test Cases

Test Case Generation

windows 10

Microsoft

03 / 2015 - Present

Software Test Engineer - Wipro
Software Tester of the Application Compatibility team targeting Windows 10.
Testing Windows applications using different scenarios
Validating on different OS targets (OS upgrades, updates and builds) and machine
architectures
Writing defect reports, working with development teams to resolve / close defects
Managing test machines and deployments

Microsoft

01 / 2014 - 09 / 2014

Data Analyst
Query Judgment: Judging relevancy of search results based on query terms
Categorization: Classify search terms based on a database of set categories
Error Reduction Work: Proofreading business names , descriptions, and images.
Business Matching: Grouping same businesses received from various sources

Microsoft
Software Localization Tester - Turkish
Verification of linguistic accuracy and resource attributes
Checking typographical errors
Identifying and documenting bugs clearly in a bug database.
Verifying that bugs have been fixed and implemented correctly

04 / 2013 - 06 / 2013

uTest

09 / 2014 - 11 / 2014

Freelance Software Tester
Participate in testing cycles for web and mobile applications, reviewing requirements, test
plan documentation, conduct exploratory testing of mobile/desktop applications, bug
reporting and tracking using uTest platforms, complete regression testing, and fix
verification.

Page Ahead Children's Literacy Program

03 / 2011 - 05 / 2011

Office Assistant (Volunteering position)

Toprakbank

09 / 1995 - 02 / 2001

Global Trade Services
Central Operations Department (1999-2001) Global Trade / Foreign Exchange, Import/
Export, Assistant Manager
Izmit Branch (1997-1999) Bank Wire Transfer
Kadikoy Branch, Istanbul (1995-1997) Bank Teller

EDUCATION

QA101 Software Testing, Quality Assurance

2014 - 2014

The QA101 course is an intensive Software Testing study program where student are trained
according to college-level curricula, and are expected to submit homework assignments
weekly. This course provides a full understanding of the modern Software Development Life
Cycle. -Waterfall/ Agile-Scrum/ Spiral -Testing methods and Test Case Writing -Mercury
Quality Center -Defect logging, design and management

Istanbul University

1991 - 1993

Associate's degree , Tourism and Travel Services Management

LANGUAGES

English ( Professional working proficiency )

Turkish ( Native or bilingual proficiency )

\n
MAXIM SHAPIRO

Professional Profile

A confident individual who possess strong leadership capabilities.  An expert in performing large-scale implementations of management systems developed by Oracle, PeopleSoft, IBM, Softscape, CompuSearch and others. 

Experience

Paradyme Management						    	           1/2017- Present

Manager



Serve as Deployment Lead for deployment of PeopleSoft’s HCM application to new and existing overseas missions, facilitating strategies for pre-deployment, deployment, production support, and new release activities. 

Present business owners and stakeholders with reporting metrics on project status and schedule, resource allocation, and risk mitigation

Acting as the ScrumMaster for the Conversion Scrum, facilitating and leading all planning and execution of deliverables related to the conversion effort for the project. 

Provide deliverables in the areas of Project Management, Testing, Deployment, Operations & Maintenance and other functional areas. 



Principles Solutions Group							          8/2007- 12/2016

Federal Agency Projects



 Subject Matter Expert/ Project Lead



Subject Matter Expert and Project Lead for deployments of a PeopleSoft Core HR Processing Product, IBM COGNOS, Oracle BI, NeoGov, and other applications to new and existing components, including recommending and implementing strategies for project management, requirements, testing, training, reporting and integration.

Led projects and tasks under both standard Waterfall and Agile Project Management approaches, which included heavy involvement in all Scrum activities including Sprint Planning, Execution, Sprint Reviews, Closeouts and Retrospective Sessions for each Sprint and Release.  During Sprint Planning developed user stories, defined scope, story points, task definitions, and acceptance criteria which meets story requirements

Presented business owners and stakeholders with reporting metrics on project status and schedule updates, resource allocation, and risk mitigation

Engaged with implementing strategies for pre-deployment, production support, and new release activities and provided deliverables in the areas of Project Management, Deployment, Quality Assurance, Testing, Reporting, and other functional areas

Actively involved with the Program Management Office (PMO) to implement control and consistency across all projects.  This includes implementing governance for following the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC), and Modular Repeatable Processes (MRP). 

Quality Assurance Lead

Quality Assurance Lead for the Testing team involved in testing of the PRISM Procurement application, interfacing with Oracle Financials (11.5.10).

Facilitated and monitored all testing (System Integration, UAT, and Regression), troubleshooting, and process enhancement efforts for PRISM including creation, review, and execution of test plans, test scenarios and test scripts throughout testing life cycle.

Ensured that all testing phases covered testing of the entire requirement and functionality, as well as covering business process

Functional Lead

Functional Lead for the operations and maintenance of the CompuSearch PRISM Procurement application (3 sub agencies), interfacing with Oracle Financials (11.5.10).

Facilitated all requirements, testing (System Integration, UAT, and Regression), troubleshooting, and process enhancement efforts for PRISM including creation, review, and execution of test plans, test scenarios and test scripts throughout testing life cycle.

Acted as the primary liaison between client and contractors/sub-contractors on all PRISM issues, including liaison to the Vendor.

Northrop Grumman								          1/2007 – 7/2008

Project Lead



Served as Project Lead for deployments of the Softscape’s Performance Management application to new and existing components, facilitating strategies for pre-deployment, deployment, production support, and new release activities. 

Presented business owners and stakeholders with reporting metrics on project status and schedule, resource allocation, and risk mitigation

Acted as coordinator for the Program’s Change Control Board.  

Provided deliverables in the areas of Project Management, Quality Assurance, Testing, and other functional areas. 



BearingPoint									            6/2006- 1/2007

Functional Lead



Served as Functional Lead for the operations and maintenance of the CompuSearch PRISM Procurement application (3 sub agencies), interfacing with Oracle Financials (11.5.9).

Facilitated all requirements, testing (System Integration, UAT, and Regression), troubleshooting, and process enhancement efforts for PRISM including creation, review, and execution of test scenarios and test scripts throughout testing life cycle.

Acted as the primary liaison between client and contractors/subcontractors on all PRISM issues.



Booz Allen Hamilton							      	           8/2004- 6/2006

Senior Consultant



Served as subject matter expert on successful configuration and implementation of PeopleSoft Financials 8.8 Strategic Sourcing, eProcurement, Purchasing, Project Costing, Commitment Control and Cash Management modules.

Led numerous design and requirement sessions relating to various PeopleSoft modules, and was the prime author of many deliverables to the client in the areas of Fit-Gap Analysis, Quality Assurance, Testing, and other functional areas.

Led the design, configuration, and implementation of queries for PeopleSoft CRM 8.9.  



Smithsonian Institution								6/2002- 8/2004

IT Administrator

Primarily responsible for the oversight of all IT-related activities in Office of Sponsored Projects, providing IT support on all levels to a staff of 16 and to various additional contractors, and leading teams assisting in the rollout of new enhancements, and various software systems.  

As a PeopleSoft 8.4 user, was responsible for procurement activities, including subcontracts issued to many government and non-government vendors.  

Education

Bachelor of Arts in Information Technology from Catholic University of America







Jane Doeand develpment. in the area of infomation ites	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Maxim Shapiro                                      Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 3\n
Michael P. Walker Jr.

 

2445 Beacon Landing Circle

Orlando, Florida 32824

305-389-0671

walkerpmichael@yahoo.com

SUMMARY:

Proven adaptability to both structure and unstructured situation with the ability to quickly comprehend and excel responsibly. Seek an opportunity with an organization where my experience in various field could be utilized to the best advantage, and to find a position with an organization those provide challenges and opportunity for a career enhancement. 

EXPERIENCE:

Materials Control Specialist III Team Leader, Theater Distribution Center- Fluor Corporation, Dubai, UAE / Afghanistan 2012 – Present



Conduct daily safety meeting, monitor daily warehousing activities for 15-20 Employees.

	

Maintained a 98-100% overall inventories and location survey accurateness rating on over 10,000 SKUs worth $8,000,000.



Receive and unpack shipments and verify contents against purchase orders and invoice; records receiving reports on all merchandise.

	

Manage order selection, pick and pack operations to consistently meet order deadlines .Maintaining an “On time” success rate of 98%.



Analyze both routine and non-routine problems with wireless equipment, software applications, and network performance to identify problem root cause and recommend corrective action.



Using FEDLOG system and find characteristic of item for processing on MAXIMO system.

	

Created a safe environment by conducting daily audits, weekly audits, and monthly audits. Focusing on safety and housekeeping, performs a verity of warehousing duties, which requires storage responsibilities and understanding of the establishment’s storage plans.

	

Successfully completed numerous Government Audits.

	

Tracking all associates hours and labor through ESS software.



Manage and maintain (FIFO) First in; first out, including the performance of cyclical inventory count.

Materials Control Technician / Inventory Control Specialist, Regional Distribution Center, Fluor Corporation, Dubai, UAE / Afghanistan 2010 - 2012

Oversaw inventory, physical counts and performed periodic cycle counts to verify outgoing order followed the procedures based on the Materials Management Plan.

Processed business transactions in connection with activation of new customer accounts on a computer terminal.

Maintained the effectiveness of the quality system, including preparing and submitting document packages for compliance submissions, audits and reporting.

Handled customer questions, complaints, and billing inquiries with the highest degree of courtesy and professionalism to resolve customer issues with one call resolution.

Coordinate the transfer and transfer of supplies and equipment from one area to another and the filling of requisitions from various departments by setting and priorities and ensuring they are met.

 Warehouseman -- KBR Government &amp; Infrastructure Logistics, Dubai, UAE / Afghanistan 2009 – 2010



Managed the execution of lateral transfers, turn-in, and excess/damaged property of equipment for 100% accuracy for all logistical transactions. Provided effective operational team management.

	

Proficient in inventory and warehouse management software systems. (FEDLOG, MS-DOS, SARSS, Windows, MS Office and other similar programs) 

	

Performed a variety of work in a central warehousing operation; shipped merchandise, received and stored incoming items according to established system; maintained records and completed.



	Warehouse Associate – Caterpillar Logistics Inc., Miami Lakes, FL 2007 – 2009

	

Consistently exceeding production expectation on monthly performance evaluations.

	

Utilizing heavy equipment, reach trucks, sit-down forklifts and overhead cranes.



Perform material handling and warehousing functions as required.



Order filling, processing, storing/picking of parts, materials, equipment and supplies.



	Warehouse Associate/Overnight stocker – Wal-Mart Distribution Center, Pembroke Pines, FL 2004 – 2007

	

Manage received deliveries and ensure that items conform to work order.

	

Compare merchandise to invoice to ensure that correct shipment has been reveived.

	

Stock shelves with items by making sure items are brought forward.



Ensure items are marked properly before they are sent to the sales floor.

	

	



EDUCATION & TRAINING



MIAMI CAROL CITY HIGH SCHOOL – Miami Gardens, FL (Graduated 2002)

OSHA 30 (Occupational Safety & Health Administration)

Forklift and Reach Truck Operator

TWIC Card Holder

Shipping, Receiving 

Maximo 7.6

Maximo 7.1

SQL

Procurement

Logistics

Supply Chain

Distribution Center Operations

Warehousing

	

	

	PROFESSIONAL REFERENCES

	

	

	Mr. Juan Jones

	MDC/TDC Materials Manager

	Fluor Federal Global Projects, Inc., Bagram, Afghanistan 

	Office number: 864-546-5936

	Email: Juan.jones@fluor.com

	

	Mr. Robert Lee Jackson Jr.

	Materials Control Supervisor

	Fluor Federal Global Projects, Inc., Bagram, Afghanistan

	Office number: 864-546-5306

	Email: Robert.lee.jackson@fluor.com

	

	Mr. Marvin R. Armstrong

	Materials Control Supervisor

	Fluor Federal Global Projects, Inc., Bagram, Afghanistan

	Office number: 864-

	Email: Marvin.armstrong@fluor.com 

	

	Mr. Jarrod Goings

	Safety Coordinator

	Fluor Federal Global Projects, Inc., Bagram, Afghanistan

	Office number: 864-546-5777

	Email: Jarrod.goings@fluor.com\n
William H. Hodson



Principal Consultant

SOA/BPM/ADF - Architecture & Implementation Specialist





Bill has twenty years of experience in Information Technology, including nine years of experience design and building custom solutions with Oracle Fusion Middleware products; using BPM 11g, ADF 11g, SOA 11g, Primavera P6 Integrations with BPM and ADF, WebLogic Server, Web Services, Oracle Databases, Coherence, Java, Web and Mobile Development.  Bill has worked with a variety of clients in multiple industries and technical environments. He is a highly experienced software architect, with a solid technical background and excellent communication skills.  Bill is recognized as a user interface integration expert across Oracle North America where he’s assisted many clients with API integration to Oracle Middleware products.  He’s also got a proven track record of building mission critical, custom solutions for clients.  Bill is also recognized for his expertise in the analysis, design and delivery of cost-effective, high-performance applications and infrastructures to address complex business problems.  Bill has extensive experience in all facets of the project life cycle, from initial feasibility studies and conceptual design to functional design, system development, testing, documentation, system implementation, user training, and product enhancements.

Professional Experience with Oracle (Most recent consulting work)



SOA/BPM/ADF

Census Bureau

Feb 2015 – present



SOA/BPM/ADF Architect:  Assisted Paradyme Management personnel as they designed and built Oracle systems to meet the Census Bureau’s many survey needs.  Duties included advising developers and architects in the Best Practices promoted by Oracle for design, installation, construction, testing, and deployment of Oracle FMW applications.  Including, but not limited to:  WebLogic, SOA, BPEL, BPM, OSB, and security.



SOA/BPM/ADF

Alcatel Lucent

Sep 2014 – Jan 2015 

& Jan 2014

SOA/BPM/ADF Architect:  Designed, Built, and documented a web application for a firm designing new automation tools for their users.  The application utilized Primavera web services and the Apache POI Library to process an Excel spreadsheet that had data updates for up to 45 fields in the Primavera P6 database.  The application applied pre-upload validations and a thread-based up loader to do a mass update of data.  Work in January was preliminary designs.



SOA/BPM/ADF

General Motors

May – Aug 2014



SOA/BPM/ADF Architect:  Designed, Built, and documented SOA/BPM Proof of Concept applications for a firm designing new tools for their customers.  The applications utilized custom task flows that where supported by customized ADF task flows.  The client’s XSD schema were extremely complex and used OO design and Substitution Groups which required a custom design of both the BPM and ADF task flows.



SOA/BPM/ADF

General Electric

Mar – Apr 2014.

BPM-ADF Development Lead:  Designed and Built BPM-ADF GUI for a supply-chain Proof of Concept.  The POC demonstrated the use of Oracle tools to manage a supply-chain process, including support for buy/sell decisions relating to the companies multiple lines of products and their Bill of Materials.



SOA/BPM/ADF

Chase Bank

Feb 2014

BPM-ADF Development Lead:  Created Design for the Web Portal and Mobile applications that would supply governance for a process to entitle users and user groups to the data that was being collected during drilling operations.  The application managed all access rights to multiple levels of data and reported on usage levels and enabled historical reporting. 



ADF 11g/ SOA 11g

General Electric

Nov – Dec 2013

ADF 11g Architect & Developer:  The client was building a web-centric Financial System that needed a Journal Entry Drill-back application that allowed users to research and report on supporting financial data.  I built an ADF application that seamlessly providing the necessary drilldown capabilities and integrated the app into the company’s EBS system.



BPM 11g / SOA 11g

Engine Mfg

Cummins Engines

Oct 2013

BPM 11g/ SOA 11g Implementation Specialist:  Installed the entire SOA/BPM 11g stack on the client’s new hardware from scratch, training two of their IT workers as the install progressed and documented the install for their future reference.  The client is using a Solaris machine with Oracle databases.



Java EJB-MDB

Kohl’s Dept Stores

Jul – Sep 2013

EJB-MDB Development Lead:  Designed and Created an Enterprise Application utilizing Message-Driven Beans (MDB) for the monitoring and processing of JMS messages containing 3rd party shipping information used in the client’s high speed packaging processes.  The MDBs monitored several local and foreign queues and performed at a very high level to meet the client’s on-time shipping SLAs.



ADF 11g/ BPM 11g/ SOA 11g

General Electric

Mar – Jun 2013



ADF 11g Architect & Development Lead:  Designed and built process automation applications to create and modify Chart of Account Mappings between Enterprise and Business Entities for the General Electric Corporation.  The applications were written in ADF 11g and BPM 11g which interfaced with backend data sources that included Oracle, DRM, and Coherence data schema elements.



Coherence

Web Services

Kohl’s Dept. Stores

Jan – Mar 2013



Coherence Development Lead:  Designed and Created a Web Application using Coherence Data Model and Web Services that interfaced with the client's 3rd party shipping software to supply shipping information for their automated packaging processes.  These services enabled the high speed retrieval of shipping data that enabled the efficient use of Coherence in meeting the client's on-time shipping SLAs.



ADF 11g/ SOA 11g

State of Oregon

Oct – Dec 2012



ADF 11g Architect & Developer:  Built Web-based ADF User Interface for an effort by the State of Oregon to implement various aspects of the Affordable Care Act.  The application modernized the State’s web presence as well as implemented new services necessary to comply with State and Federal laws.  The application provided a one-stop shop for users – interfacing with backend data stores and a user security and governance system to ensure user information security.



ADF 11g/ BPM 11g/ SOA 11g; 
Order Tracking Process Automation 

Aerospace & Defense Industry – Boeing

Mar – Sep 2012

BPM 11g/ ADF 11g Architect & Developer:  Assisted the client in designing, building, and testing a web-centric Order-to-Cash custom, multi-site system that needed a portal application that displayed current anomalies and errors in their Order Tracking system.  Using Oracle 11g technologies, the app routed these exceptions to the proper user communities and allowed them to update and mitigate the issues.  Designed, created and deployed the portal application in the client’s new WebCenter Spaces portal.



ADF 11g/ BPM 11g/ SOA 11g; 
Order Visibility Dashboard Process Application

Aerospace & Defense Industry – Boeing

Dec 2011 – Feb 2012



ADF 11g/BPM 11g/ SOA 11g Architect & Lead Developer:  The client needed a portal application that displayed current reports in a mashup on Oracle WebCenter Spaces.  This report gave users a real-time dashboard of the order and their status and the ability to drill down into the underlying records for modification.  Bill designed and built the Oracle Database schema, the web services, and the ADF 11g application that contributed to this effort.



Order-to-Cash Process Automation

Aerospace & Defense Industry – Boeing

Aug – Nov 2011



BPM 11g/ ADF 11g Architect:  The client needed a portal application that created Order Modifications for existing orders in their customized Order-To-Cash multi-site system.  This application initiated the order modifications, integrated the corresponding instances with the client’s legacy systems, and tracked their progress in the system.  Bill designed a database schema and the ADF 11g application to accomplish these tasks.



RFP & Pricing Process Automation

		Aerospace & Defense Industry – Boeing

		Aug 2010 – Jul 2011

		

SOA/BPM 11g Architect:  The client is building a modern RFP and Proposal Pricing systems for their aviation parts & service division using OBPM 10gR3, JSP, jQuery, and BPEL in WebLogic SOA architecture that consisted of multiple servers in a clustered environment.  Bill worked with their IT staff and several Oracle consultants as client requirements were gathered, the process design was created with the help of client SME’s, and the first two phases of the custom product was built, tested, and implemented.  The process included RFP initiation, part validations, basis of estimate creation, and proposal creation and distribution.



Appliance Configuration Process Automation

		Telecommunications

		CBeyond Corp.

		Mar – Jul 2010 

SOA/BPM Architect & Lead Developer:  The client was designing and building an automated process that would prepare and configure appliances that were to be installed in the field.  Bill worked with their IT staff and third-party developers as the design was created, the POC was built, and the first phase was rolled out to the users.  The process selected the proper configurations using input from the users in the field. It then formulated the proper appliance settings and transmitted the results to these field workers in real time.



Supplier Collaboration Process Portal

		Aviation

		Jan – Mar 2010

BPM Architect & Lead Developer:  The client needed assistance as they designed an international portal for their suppliers.  Bill worked with both their IT staff and third-party developers as the design was created and approved.  This SOA/BPM portal app gave users web-enabled access to all current contracts as well as the ability to submit new requests.



Customer Alerting Process Portal

		Energy 

		2009

SOA/BPM Architect & Lead Developer:  The client needed a new SOA/BPM portal application that would replace a legacy UI and enable their call centers to access, manage, and report on their customer base.  Bill was part of a team that trained and assisted the client’s IT staff as a proof of concept application was designed and built.



Daily Transaction Volume Process Tracking

		International Banking

		2009


BPM Architect & Developer:  The client needed two process applications built that would be used to manage high-volume, daily transactions for the client.  Bill designed and built both applications.



Financial Services Process Automation

		Banking

		2009

SOA/BPM Architect & Developer:  The client needed a final audit of their new SOA/BPM 10g system prior to going live.  Bill analyzed the current application and reviewed all documentation, test data, and UAT results.  He put the application through stress tests and submitted a final report of the health of the application to the client.



Supply Chain Process Automation

		International Beverage Company

		2008

		

SOA/BPM Specialist:  The client needed a SOA/BPM 10g application installed in a distributed environment with fail-over and disaster recovery enabled.  Bill was a member of the team that accomplished this complex installation task.



Construction Resource Management Process Automation

		Housing Industry

		2008


SOA/BPM UI Integration Specialist:  Bill designed and built the ASP.NET UI for a new SOA/BPM application that helped the client manage their current construction resources, both in their main office as well as in the field.



Services Process Automation

		Telecommunications

		2008

SOA/BPM Specialist:  The client needed their IT staff trained in BPM and how to integrate the BPM engine when using a Flex UI.  Bill trained the client’s SOA/BPM staff and helped them build this solution, test, and deploy this solution.



Services Process Automation

		Telecommunications

		2007

BPM Integration Specialist:  The client needed a custom application that would use an ASP.NET UI interfaced to a group of BPM engines in a distributed environment.  Bill and a team from Canada designed and built the process application that was used by the client as a first step in their ongoing enterprise system.



Services Process Automation

		Telecommunications 

		2007

SOA/BPM Integration Specialist:  The client needed to interface to the BPM engine through a custom UI.  Bill created the SOA/BPM Application Process Interface (APIs) so that the client’s code could access and modify users, groups, and permissions within the BPM engine and its user directory structure.








Skills Summary



Oracle Databases & Tools

Oracle 11g, 10g, 9i, XE 

Oracle SQL Plus



Oracle SQL Developer

JDBC







Non-Oracle Databases

SQL Server

MySQL



Access









Oracle Applications & Tools

BPM 12c, 11g, 10g, 6.x (ALBPM, Fuego)

JDeveloper 11g, 12c

ADF

JMS, ActiveMQ

SOA Suite 11g 

FMW BPEL 

WebLogic, EM, OSB

Coherence

BAM







Operating Systems

MS Windows 

Unix, Linux, HREL

Apache / Tomcat









Programming Languages

Java, J2EE

JSP, JSF

JavaScript, Ajax, jQuery

VB.NET, ASP.NET

C#, Apache POI, iText

HTML, DHTML, CSS

XML, XSD, XSLT

T-SQL, PL/SQL

PHP 5









Misc. Engagement Experience

Web Services

Primavera - P6 Integrations

Design Documentation

Project & Team Mgmt.

OUM Documentation

DB Schema design

Stored Procedures, Functions

SVN, CVS Code Mgmt.

Data Conversion Mapping

Oracle 12c ADFDI



Excel & Word Automation

PDF Automation

Functional Test Plans

User and IT Staff Training 

Agile, SCRUM

Load Testing Planning






Education & Other Accomplishments



Education

		Bradley University



		Purdue University



		

Certifications 

Oracle BPM Architecture

Oracle Project Management 





William H. Hodson - resume		Page 6 of 7\n
Thangam Kanimozhi Manoharan

      2916 W Royal Ln Apt #1067

Irving TX 75063

Cell:469-226-7439

                                   E-mail:manoharan.kani@gmail.com

 



 Technical Support Specialist / Analyst / IT Ops Support Specialist 



Detail-oriented Computer Technician with over nine years of high-quality technical service experience in a large corporate environment for internal and external clients ranging from executives to end-users. Looking to provide exceptional customer service troubleshooting and repairing a full range of desktop, laptop, multifunction printers, Microsoft Office products, Blackberries and Remote Support Tools. Information technology professional with a background in project management, business and systems analysis, installation and configuration seeks position as a Systems Analyst in a fast-paced startup.



Skills



Operating Systems: Windows NT/2000/ 2003/XP Professional, (workstation & server), Vista, Win 7, 8, 10/ME MS-DOS, mac OS, UNIX, and Linux. 

Soft ware’s: MS Word, Ms Excel, MS-Outlook PowerPoint, HTML5, CSS, Java Script, ASP. Net, and Visual Basic Script web programming, FileNet, ASP.net, AS/400, Oracle Financials, Mainframe OS-390, My SQL, SQL, PL/SQL, Siebel / People soft Claims Insurance system, Remedy, IBM Maxi-mo Ticketing system.

Extensive knowledge about Active Directory, IIS, proxy, firewalls, routers, ACL, Subnetting, ip4 and ip6 addressing.



Expertise:

Quick learner with ability to translate complex ideas and processes into technical facts or persuasive non-technical presentation.

Excellent organizational skills, Multi tasking skills and ability to prioritize workload

Attention to detail and precision, solid work ethics concerning meeting deadlines and reliability.

Documentation.

IT security best practices

Interpersonal skills

Experience



Windows System Administrator

SSVM World School Jan 2012 - Mar 2017



Performed daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, and reviewing system and application logs

Provided server maintenance and installation, desktop deployment and maintenance, and end user support

Managed and created Active Directory accounts, network shares, and printing services

Performed daily backup operations, ensuring all required file systems and system data are successfully backed up to the appropriate media

Responsible for applying security updates and patches on servers, desktops, ipads, tabs and laptops.

IT Ops Support Specialist

Capital One Mar 2011- Dec 2011



• Provided system access to users based on approved requests 
• Assisted Audit Management in preparing for upcoming audits 
• Followed defined compliance and organization procedures and processes 
• Performed audits, evaluations, and reviews of products and processes 

• Documented processes and procedures 

• Monitored security logs for violation and unusual events 
• Identified and assessed potential Access administration risks, ensuring mitigation strategies are on track and assessments remain valid.





Analyst II – Technical Support Help Desk 

Bank of America Dec 2009 – Nov 2010



Assisted Line of Business in providing Production and Training Development system support. Assisted associates in providing resolution to an assortment of problems of moderately complex scope related issues in Post closing and insurance applications, including access issues, account setups, password resets. Logging and managing tickets thru Remedy and IBM Maxi-mo ticketing systems. Escalating tickets for complex issues and following up with users upon resolution. Carrying out routine and semi-routine analytical tasks and activities. Additionally, Creating documentation, participated in contributing Knowledge Objects for helping the team out for future related issue analysis. Assisted in troubleshooting user problems relating to Operating System issues (Win9x, NT, and Win 2003 and 2008), Network Connectivity, TCP/IP configuration, upgrades, MS Office products and Internet connectivity. Managed Windows 2003 and 2008 Servers hosting , IIS, SQL and custom internal applications. Provide system-level support of multi-user operating systems, hardware and software tools, including installation, configuration, maintenance, and support of these systems. Research, plan, install, configure, troubleshoot, maintain and upgrade operating systems. Analyze and evaluate present or proposed business procedures or problems to define data processing needs. 





Senior iphone Product Specialist / Apple Advisor (iphone Technical Support) Apple Inc. Addison TX March 2009 – Nov 2009



Provided effective and consistent technical support. Researched technical solutions. Performed tasks related to answering customer inquiries received via telephone, or through applications and correspondence. Interacted with customers, provided program information, rules, regulations, laws policy and procedures. Analyze customer’s problem and drive to call resolution. Diagnose and provide path to resolving inquiries related to hardware, software, networking and interactions with the host computer OS and applications. Accurately logging all interactions in the customer relationship management system. Achieving call center metrics including average handle time, schedule adherence and accuracy. Recognize and adjust approach to all levels of customer’s experience. Educating customers on support options, and the steps being taken to resolve their issues. Fulfilling customers and supervisor requests. Communicating positively with team members, customer and other business partners.



Hazard Loss Draft Representative 

Balboa Insurance Group  (Plano, TX) Dec 2008-March 2009



Managing portfolio of over 300 mortgage insurance claims for a major third party relationship bank. Balancing the needs of customer in crisis vendor requirements and employer satisfaction while managing to tight deadlines, state laws, building codes and other compliance-related guidelines. Monitoring and managing risks, exercising independent judgment to ensure interest of client bank are protected against fraud and other financial exposures. Entrusted with personal discretion to manage money, sensitive customer and client bank information, and critical customer and vendor relationships. Developing and implementing process improvement to better enable productivity, enhance system capability, and improve customer experience while reducing cost and departmental turn times. Managing escalated client issues, successfully defusing difficult client interaction in the wake of disasters such as Katrina, Rita, Wilma and Ike hurricane catastrophes while appropriately administering to contractual agreement and ensuring customer satisfaction and retention.



Lead Teller 

Citibank N.A, Irving TX Jan2007- Dec2008

Manage teller line in a high-volume, multi-teller environment. Schedule teller staffs and teller workflow and ensure high-quality customer service. Help train tellers to identify sales opportunities. Teller line received award for most customer deposit account referrals. Build, grow and mentor Teller team; emphasized close-knit team. Responsible for teller performance evaluations, performance issues, new hires, transfers.



Helpline Agent 

Bank of America Irving TX Feb 2005-June 2005



Shared in the excitement of associates in delighting customers. Supported Banking centers, Premier Banking and other internal Departments as it relates to standard policies and procedures. Application systems and products marketed by Bank of America. Supported Callers with solution to questions and assisted callers with complex Issues and helped the callers in walking through opening account and also preparing loan documents. Documented and tracked status of inquiries and resolutions. Team Player, self-motivated, resolved inquiries in a timely manner.





Sr. Financial Service Representative 

Guaranty Bank a Temple-Inland Company CA USA Jan 2002-September 2004



Responsible for assisting the Banking Center Manager in the daily Operations of the banking center. Deepen long term relationships by proactively meeting with customers to identify needs and goals. Initiate and Open new accounts and maintain full range of retail accounts and services. Perform all daily personal banking tasks; maintenance; follow-up. Provide customer issue resolution; research; inquiries aggressively promote and cross-sell products and services. Provide customers with all aspects of teller assistance. Answer inquiries regarding checking, savings, CD’s and other products. Assisted with audits and preparing Management reports. Acted as Vault teller. Supervising the teller line to ensure the bank policies and procedures are being followed and over Riding transactions accurately and appropriately. Acted as a mentor for the branch. Supervised the branch in the absence of the Banking center Manager.



Education



Bachelors in Biological Science / Special Education (B.S., B.Ed.,) 

Avinashilingam University Coimbatore, India. 



Certified courses: Dreamweaver, HTML, Unix, 

San Mateo community college – San Mateo CA\n
Cynthia K. Berard 

305 Twilight Dr. 

Morris, IL 60450 

Cell: (815) 451-1608 

Czahn40@gmail.com



Professional Objective: 



Self-motivated, adaptable and resourceful team player, enthusiastically seeking a 

challenging position where exceptional administrative skills will be effectively utilized in 

achieving employer objectives. 



Work Experience: 



BP – SWIFT										2016-Present

Document Control Specialist/Records Management



Work closely with assigned departmental document owners, coordinating the management of information

Responsible for scanning of paper documents into electronic format

Responsible to follow the Information Management Practices

Accountable for the Audit, update and loading of documentation into site document repository.

Provide internal and external customer service

Manage the handling of information, including but not limited to the auditing of documents and drawings, preparation of internal and external distribution, import into site repository, on/off site archiving, indexing, cross referencing and destruction process.



Shell – DISYS 									2013-2015

Document Control 



Established and maintained accurate electronic and hard copy files which resulted in efficient archiving, distribution of current revisions for the client, contractors, superintendents and inspectors. 

Received, processed and distributed/transmittals

Responsible for receipt, distribution and tracking Non Conformance Reports (NCRs) and Site communication form (SCF) 

Responsible for all bulk loads into Assai. 

Responsible for training and setting up new hires with Livelink and Assai 

Responsible for training team members on AssaiWeb and Livelink 

Work one on one with supplier to ensure they are following procedures. 

Organize files and procedures



















Bausch and Lomb/Kelly Service 2011-2013 

Document Control Coordinator 



Organized and created an EPDM system for better organization of the D&L Department. 

Accurately track, log and distribute document receipts and releases. 

Capture and preserve all significant information in the project files. 

Worked on multiple projects organizing, scanning, and uploading documents 

      into our EPDM system and Sharepoint. 

Become familiar with FDA Regulations. 

Become familiar with specific aspects of the Contract and Project Team 

       Requirements. 

Assisted in organizing a new product line DHF. 

Attended Design Review meetings to ensure that things were reviewed in an organized fashion.



Shell Oil/EC Harris 

Document Control Specialist/Administrative 2011-2011 



Maintain paper and electronic documents within project team and from / to Vendors 

Capture and preserve all significant information in the project files. 

Become familiar with specific aspects of the Contract and Project Team 

      Requirements 

Delivered project document control for external and internal design and vendor documents. 



Chicago Bridge and Iron 2006-2011 

Document Control Administrator/Administrative 

GASCO Project 2009-2011 



Advise Project Team Management on document management issues and interface processes and requirements. 

Participate in Project Documentation Audits 

Provide status reports on all Project issues 

Facilitate the flow of project information among members for the project team. 

Accurately track, log and distribute document receipts and releases of both CBI, 

                  third party and vendor data. 

Capture and preserve all significant information in the project files. 

Ensure accurate and timely indexing and distribution of project documents. 

Prepares, reviews and issues defined project reports on document status 

including the Master Document Register. 

Responsible for identifying issues or areas of improvement. 

Become familiar with specific aspects of the Contract and Project Team 

                  requirements 

Deliver information required for handover in accordance with project contractual 

                  requirements. 











Chicago Bridge and Iron – 

Document Control Specialist

GPLNG Project 2006-2008 



Responsible for the receipt, distribution , retention and tracking (review & 

                  comment) of all GPLNG project vendor documentation 

Maintain current hard copy file of all IFC engineering drawings, specifications 

                  and procedures for use by project team 

Issue weekly document status and exception reports for use by project 

                 management and engineering personnel 

Timely issuance and submittal of regulatory documentation into repository. 



Kole Construction

Administrative Assistant 



Effectively handled and managed payroll for company field employees 

Scanned and setup files for importation into computer system 

Balanced out statements and prepared them for payment 

Set up and manage Excel Spreadsheets to capture data for ongoing project 

                  requirements 

Handled new employees (i.e. applications, drug test, checking references, 

                 pictures, background checks and setting up files) 



Halliburton (BP Amoco & Exxonmobil Refinery) 					2001-2004 

Document Control Clerk/Administrative Assistant

 

Prepared, updated and maintained reports and documents vital to supporting 

                  the facilitation and completion of major commercial/government construction 

                  projects; expertise in electronic engineering document control programs 

Prepared and distributed turn-around information to support project completion 

Researched, tracked and controlled high volumes of supplier documentation 

Provided on site administrative support to Project Site Manager and Engineering team in charge of construction project 

Monitored, maintained and distributed electronic and hard copy communications and technical drawings 

Prepared and kept track of safety reports for the safety manager 



Kelly Services 									1998-1999 

Administrative Assistant 

Office of Special Counsel John C. Danforth 

Administrative Assistant 



Proficiently assisted a team of five attorneys and 3 investigators in conducting a ten month investigation of the “Waco Incident” of 1992 

Entrusted with managing the production and distribution of top security, 

                  confidential information relating to the ongoing government investigation 

Accurately and efficiently performed dictation transcription of Memorandums of Interviews. 

Accurately received and distributed top secret evidence to/from specialists in 

                 England. 

Achieved Top Secret Government Clearance\n
OMKAR H. SALUNKHE

https://www.linkedin.com/in/omkarhs/
https://github.com/omkarhs

EDUCATION
University of Maryland

8125 48th Ave, Apt 615, College Park, MD 20740
salunkhe@terpmail.umd.edu . (470) 389 – 2833

College Park, MD | Expected May 2018

MS, Telecommunications Engineering

GPA - 3.76

Coursework: Networks and routing protocols, Network traffic and application performance analysis, Network design and
configuration lab (Juniper Networks), Telecommunications marketing and management, AWS/PCS System implementation

University of Mumbai

Mumbai, India | May 2016

BE, Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering

CGPA - 3.6

Coursework: Computer networks, Object oriented & structured programming, Operating systems, Internet communication
SKILLS AND CERTIFICATIONS
Skills:
JAVA, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, C, Mbed C, MATLAB, Ajax, HTTP, RIP v1/ v2, OSPF,
BGP, IGRP, TCP/IP, UDP, ARP, DNS, DHCP, Junos OS, Linux, Django, Varnish, Apache, Eclipse IDE,
Riverbed modeler, Cisco packet tracer, jMeter, Wireshark, Mentum planet, Poseidon, Excel analytic solver

Certifications:

1. Python 3 Essential Training (Lynda.com)
3. ARM University Program Training Course

RELEVANT PROJECTS
Web-caching using Varnish Cache

2. Learning Python and Django (Lynda.com)
4. Summer Industrial Training in Embedded Systems

http://omkarhs.pythonanywhere.com/

College Park, MD | May 2017

∙ Deployed a Django powered website blog on a local Django server and a remote python based server. Also, hosted a simple
web page on a VM’s Apache server & implemented caching of user requested pages in these servers, using a Varnish cache
∙ Executed load and performance analysis of this client-cache-multiple-server setup using jMeter and Wireshark captures

Configuration and Design of Juniper Networks

College Park, MD | February 2017

∙ Configured static routing as well as protocol-based routing on network topologies designed using Juniper M-series routers
∙ Set Firewall settings on Data link, Network, and Transport layers and increased the routing efficiency with routing policies

Web Designing using HTML, CSS and JavaScript https://omkarhs.github.io/Restaurant/website/ College Park, MD | Feb 2017
∙ Developed a responsive restaurant website statically in HTML & CSS using various Media queries and Bootstrap framework
∙ Built a web application using JavaScript, utilizing Ajax to fetch JSON data from a server to dynamically write HTML

JAVA Application: Reliable Data Transfer using User Datagram Protocol (UDP)

College Park, MD | January 2017

∙ Designed a client-server model implementing socket programming using JAVA APIs and UDP
∙ Provided reliable data transfer over UDP’s unreliable services by application of necessary timeouts and retransmission
mechanisms and implemented integrity check for secure communication over the network

AWS/PCS Mobile Network Deployment Planning

College Park, MD | October 2016

∙ Deployed GSM, LTE & WCDMA base stations in Mentum planet software for Washington, D.C. and nearby suburbs
∙ Modified the coverage using azimuth shifts, electrical tilts and power changes on individual antenna sectors as required
∙ Applied Poseidon analysis on the deployment to obtain AWS to Microwave interference results

CONFERENCES AND PUBLICATIONS
Implementation of Wireless Noticeboard using Bluetooth Low Energy

Mumbai, India | April 2016

Published and presented a paper on Wireless Noticeboard, in a state level project competition (IETE’s DJ Spark), explaining
the programming of a PSoC4 BLE board using Mbed C language, implementing its LCD and Bluetooth interfacing

EXPERIENCE
Graduate Experience

University of Maryland | Aug 2016- Present

∙ Technician: As a tech-crew staff maintained electronic theatrical instruments for stage projects at Performing Arts Center
∙ Student Assistant: Helped in store maintenance and assisted students with textbooks at Barnes & Noble Book Centre

Undergraduate Experience

Mumbai, India | Aug 2013 – May 2016

∙ The Institute of Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering: As a Creative Head of the committee, organized
and publicized many cultural festivals & technical events including a State Level Project Competition called IETE’s DJ Spark
∙ Cultural and Technical Festivals: Volunteered in managing college festivals and organizing annual technical events
∙ Sports: Intramural Soccer player and interdepartmental bronze medalist in 100-meters sprint for undergraduate college

\n
Key Person

SANG NA

Proposed Position

PROGRAM MANAGER (PM) 

Clearance

TOP SECRET CLEARANCE



Education

Master of Business Administration (1 year), University of Maryland Smith School of Business

Bachelor of Science in Accounting, University of Maryland College Park

Certificates/ Certifications

Not applicable

Knowledge, Skills, Specializations

Proven history of Program Management of multi-million dollar IDIQ programs,

Served as Subject Matter Expert on Program Review Board focused on Information Security and Cyber Security programs 



Professional Experience

Employer 

Paradyme Management, Inc.

Employment Dates

Aug 2010 – Present

Positions Held

Business Development Director, Arlington, VA

Description

Responsible for all aspects of strategic program capture, program management and client delivery. Served 2 years as the on-site Executive Program Manager for the HRMIS Program with the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts (AOUSC). Oversaw day to day operations to provide comprehensive support of the Oracle/PeopleSoft based Human Capital and Payroll Management System. Key areas of scope included business requirements analysis, software development, systems integration, testing, information and systems security, and helpdesk support. Currently serving as the Executive Sponsor for the AOUSC HRMIS and the Department of State HR/EX OPS Programs.



Employer 

SRA International

Employment Dates

Dec 2007 – Aug 2010

Positions Held

Excepted Service Presidential Appointment (On-call position)

Description

Developed and managed an opportunity pipeline of strategic programs valued in excess of $1.6B.  Responsible for driving near-term and long-term business development and growth strategies.  Notable accomplishments included multi-year contract awards with the Department of State ($40M 5 year program), Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts ($200M 5 year IDIQ, uncapped 5 year single award BPA, and multiple funded task order contracts), and Small Business Administration ($70M 5 year program).  

Customer portfolio included the Department of State, U.S. Agency for International Development, Office of Personnel Management, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, U.S. Courts, and Department of Commerce.

Cyber Security/Information Security focus on multiple programs to include the Department of State Security Assurance Services and Innovation (SASI) BPA, U.S. Agency for International Development Prime 3.x IDIQ and the Office of Personnel Management Network Engineering and Security Contract.



Employer 

Oracle Corporation

Employment Dates

Sep 2003 – Aug 2007

Positions Held

Account Executive, Oracle Public Sector, Reston, VA

Solution Specialist, Oracle Public Sector, Reston, VA

Sales Consulting Manager, Oracle Public Sector, Reston, VA

Managing Principal Consultant, Oracle Public Sector, Herndon, VA

Description

Responsible for driving overall sales strategy for the full portfolio of Oracle enterprise business applications solutions to include Financial Management, Supply Chain Management, Customer Relationship Management, and Human Capital Management to a broad portfolio of Public Sector customers included Federal Civilian Agencies and International Public Sector Organizations.  Served as the Global Account Manager for the United Nations to coordinate Oracle’s global applications sales strategy with Oracle sales teams based in EMEA and Asia/PAC. 

Customer portfolio of Federal Civilian Agencies included the Department of State, U.S. Agency for International Development, Office of Personnel Management, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, House of Representatives, Senate, U.S. Courts

Customer portfolio of International Public Sector Organizations included the United Nations, World Bank, International Monetary Fund, Inter-American Development Bank and the Organization of American States.

Multiple year recipient of the Oracle Club Excellence Award

Successfully established relationships and closed multiple sales with new, “white-space” customers.

Sold Oracle Customer Relationship Management (CRM) application solutions to a portfolio of Public Sector customers dealing primarily with Federal Civilian Agencies.

Multiple year qualifier for Oracle Club Excellence

Won key competitive bids for net new installations.

Managed a team of pre-sales engineers in support of tactical and strategic application sales opportunities.  Solution areas included Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Financial Management and Supply Chain Management.

Successfully delivered implementations of Oracle Federal Financial Management solutions.  Lead the development of training curriculum for the first Federal Financial Management Boot camp.



Employer 

PricewaterhouseCoopers

Employment Dates

Sep 1995 – Sep 1998

Positions Held

Senior Consultant, Federal Management Consulting

Description

Provided Comprehensive IV&V and advisory services to Federal Agencies to support the applications life-cycle.  Services included business case development, requirements analysis, software evaluation, software selection, Business Process Reengineering (BPR) and Change Management.  Also supported Federal Agencies in their adoption of OMB mandated Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board (FASAB) accounting policies that transformed accounting practices from a cash basis to an accrual basis of accounting.  Specific areas of focus included asset management for property, plant and equipment (PP&E), working capital funds, grants/assistance management.



Employer 

Thompson, Cobb, Bazilio and Associates

Employment Dates

May 1992 – Feb 1995

Positions Held

Senior Accountant

Description

Conducted operational and compliance reviews of receivership bank assets for the Resolution Trust Corporation (RTC) in both the RTC field office in Valley Forge, PA and Headquarters in Rosslyn, VA.  Supervised a team of ten senior level accountants to perform various asset accounting and reconciliation functions including cash suspense account reconciliations, reviews of Internal Audit procedures and due diligence reviews of balance sheet accounts.  The results of the reviews were used as the basis for recommending new or improved accounting business processes and policies.  Also assisted the RTC to implement and migrate from a legacy mainframe accounting system to a centralized accounting system.  Served as a super-user and trainer as the new accounting system was deployed throughout the Valley Forge field office.  Also conducted reviews and asset account reconciliations at the Rosslyn HQ office in preparation for the RTC sunset and transition of duties to the FDIC.\n
Asim A Malik



              3433 Orange Grove Court, Ellicott City, MD 21043 (410) 292-6639) asimmalik42@hotmail.com





EDUCATION and CERTIFICATIONS



Certified Scrum Master, ID# 621489, LitheSpeed, Herndon VA

BA, Political Science, Pakistan Military Academy, Pakistan



TECHNICAL SKILLS



Data Center Inventory Management (DCIM)/Infrastructure Management 

Migration/Relocation for US and global data centers

Initial configuration on Cisco Catalyst switch series,2500,2800,2900 3800,4500 6700 and 6709 series, Dell 1000e blade servers, 

Managing the entire Infrastructure, E2E Data Centre including Server, storage

PM/Proj Manager for LTE Deployment both wave 1 and 2, RF optimization, E911 testing and launch, Integration of UMTS carrier adds, ETTCS, NSB, new construction sites and installation of oDAS/iDAS

Installation of JuniperMX240 Routers, Dell Blade Servers e1000, VNX VM’s and PT SS7 Boxes.

Administration and IP Support, NOC management, Incident/Change Management, KPI’s and QA metrics.

Cisco unified communications, voice installs and upgrades, Nortel call pilot, Cisco VPN, 

APPLICATIONS:



Microsoft Office/Project, Excel, Power point, Visio, Agile, Jira, People Soft, Hp Open-View, VNC Viewer, Spirent perform, TBS Citrix, Granite, IBM Tivoli, OMNIBUS Netcool, Net Analyst, React, Putty, Telnet, HP open view, FTP servers, HyperTerminal, Linux, Unix, Wire Shark, 



TICKETING SYSTEMS:



BMC Remedy 4.0 and 6.0 and 8.0, Clarity PPM, Clarify 12.5, Trams, TRS, Clear Quest and Open Support



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

	

	Program Manager infrastructure deployment                   		Jan. 2015 – April.2017

Syniverse Technologies Global Data Center Operations



	Managed DCIM tool and imparted training on DCIM to other supporting staff for Global data center operations for floor space, power and HVAC to ensure capacities are proactively and efficiently managed. Edited, mapped and updated floor and hardware templates for all Global data/voice centers using DCIM tool

	Program manager for infrastructure deployment for new hardware for Syniverse global voice and data center operations, voice deployment and upgrades, new installs, layout/infrastructure changes, operating system upgrades, Virtual network installation upgrade and administrative support

	Responsible for diverse global teams for management and availability of local/offshore international staff to ensure coverage is provided/available for all centers (50 members), Provided leadership and administrative support for voice/ network and security teams and third-party vendors 

	Managed global data centers operations and global teams for relocations, migrations, outage resolution, initial configuration, integrate Cisco unified voice deployment, Juniper, Dell and EMC hardware and software, managed vendor coordination and infrastructure management to complete all global migrations for existing and new global/domestic data center sites collocated with Equinix at Frankfurt, Amsterdam, London, Hong Kong, Singapore, Chicago, Dallas, Oakland, LA and Seattle.

	Managed global PM’s, technical support engineers and network/security teams for a coordinated physical installation of new hardware, voice upgrades/deployment, unified communication and coordinating all data center as a cohesive whole on same network

	Managed Service-Level Agreements with construction vendors and subcontractors before installation of new hardware as per the standard MOP and SOP, Provided weekly updates to senior directors and VP’s on progress and cost control

	PM Responsible for comprehensive solution to effectively manage the entire crisis lifecycle, from preparation and planning, through crisis response and situation recovery.

	Managed hardware installation of VNX, VM, cloud based servers, from EMC, Brocade, Dell, HP, Cisco terminal servers, catalyst switches and routers. Completed System upgrades on existing installed servers, memory upgrades and initial configuration of cisco switches and routers

	Managed the entire Infrastructure, E2E Data Centre management to including cloud Server, storage & Networking, gathered/completed requirements, project plans, coordinating/completing of orders for new circuits/fibers, order submissions and follow up

	Responsible for tracking and managing of new inventory, creating RMA’s for bad hardware and maintaining logs, arranging and getting price quotes for management review and approval



Senior Project Manager Deployment						Oct. 2013 – Jan. 2015

	MasTec Network Solutions AT&T Mobility - Columbia Maryland

	

	Responsible in leading and coordinating all project team’s resource’s and vendor management including 3 construction managers and 4 tiger teams who directly reported to me

	PM for Integration of AT&T LTE 1C and 2C sites, Carrier adds for 3C and 4C UMTS, managed and maintained the quality of the execution projects by performing in-process and final quality checks prior to delivery

	Managed all Service-Level Agreements with construction vendors and subcontractors, coordinated utility crews for completion of utility works. Maintained high quality standards for deliverables and infrastructure management for NSB and towers

	Worked with public right of ways city and county municipalities to get approval to complete project from start to finish including zoning, permitting, regulatory, etc.

	Completed and performed power point and share point presentations for the stake holders highlighting the progress and completion of assigned projects

	Coordinate QA processes and resolution including all punch-list items are completed as per AT&T requirements

	Project manager for all new WiMAX 4G sites in Baltimore Washington market from construction to commission.

	Coordinated all service effecting issues to resolve all integration issues from RRH, VSWR and RET problems 

	Responsible for development and maintaining of all milestone key indicators and high KPI’s

	Planned activities and tasks associated wireless WiMAX installations and new transport and Fiber builds 

	Provide weekly summary reports, budget and costs analysis to AT&T executives and project managers and clear any pending issues 



Senior Project/Program Manager (Contract)				Jan. 2011 – Oct. 2013

Alcatel – Lucent (Remote Work) AT&T Mobility - BAWA/Philly Region

		

	PM for Installation and integration of DAS systems in hospitals and stadiums both oDAS and iDAS and small cell sites using ALU micro cells both active and passive. 

	Managed SLA’s between vendors and AT&T Project Managers and Project Directors

	Managed multiple projects simultaneously and coordinating project teams including 7 project managers, 28 field ops, AT&T field director from both BAWA/Philadelphia and Western PA regions 

	PM, Infrastructure/construction manager for new sites built and relocation of old sites on a newer platform and new equipment to compliment these sites.

	Ensured the most economical and best construction practices are utilized and adopted

	Developed and maintained documents (project schedule, resource plan, risk log, issues logs and shared them with the customer for approval

	Updated schedules as per casper data by AT&T for current and futures project needs and report completions

	PM for complexed large-scale, customer-focused, cross-functional business projects, with success in delivering projects that meet business needs on-time and within budget.

	Completed Ether to cell site ETTCS, GSM to Ethernet project in BAWA/Philly market covering 9200 sites for AT&T mobility

	PM for Wave 1A and IB 1C LTE deployment for along with carrier adds, UMTS deployments NSB sites, RF driverless and drive optimization, E911 drive testing and launch of sites.

	PM for 2nd, 3rd and 4th carrier adds for AT&T mobility on both 1900 and 850 spectrums along with drive less RF optimization.

	Performed power point and share points presentations to project stakeholders on completed projects and deliverables showing graph progress

	Managed all Service-Level Agreements with construction vendors and subcontractors, coordinated utility crews for completion of utility works

	Maintain Tracker’s for all projects via XL sheet to indicate scheduled and completed work, reviewed and approve closeout documents and general contractor change orders

	Presentations via power points for quarterly progress and intimation of POR to broad audience to include customer and executives

	Complete and submit service completions for invoicing and revenue collection, Developed and produced new SOP’s and MOP’s as needed for better vendor management and coordination and controlling and maintaining quality standards as per client requirements

	Schedule resources, provided scheduling resolutions across multiple teams and coordinated with other managers and filed operations for all scheduled migrations

	Successfully coordinated and communicated across all levels of the PSSM program and provide timely and accurate project information as requested by the client and program directors

	Ensure connectivity between ALU SIAD, Node B and MSN before scheduling integration 

	Follow up with PM peers to ensure all granite data is updated to indicate current status.





Project Manager Business Development 					Apr. 2010 – Jan. 2011

Time Warner Cable - Reston, Virginia



	Completed building solutions relating to IT Service Management processes to include service desk, incident, problem, change, release service request, service level management

	Provide weekly meeting and white board summaries for executive briefings.

	Organize and coordinate schedule for franchise markets into corporate structure 

	Set up broad band and back haul completion schedule for fiber layout connecting with the main hub

	Directed and monitored work efforts on a daily basis, identifying and organizing the resource needs for cable modem deployments and troubleshooting resources

	Coordinated communication with all areas of the enterprise that impacted the scope, budget, risk and resources of the work effort being managed

	Coordinate outage reports and enhance escalation metrics to ensure all the KPI numbers are with in specified range as per corporate standards

	Responsible for program execution including client interface at corporate and at regions for problem solving, communications management

	Responsible for operations liaison to the program rollout in the regions

	Maintained consistency on operational improvements in the franchise regions.



Network Implementation Manager						Feb. 2010 – Apr. 2010

Clear Wire - Rockville, Maryland

	PM for adding of new WiMAX 4G sites in Baltimore Washington market from construction to commission

	Resolve all issues related to aligning of microwave links for back haul configurations

	Complete daily weekly reports on all net adds and conversion of existing and new sites

	Re-home links during the maintenance window to complete transport and access rings.

	Manage and create NTM tasks and open MOPS, CQ time slots for ring closures during the maintenance window 

	Complete the growth of RAS in WSM management, incorporate drive test before approving sites are ready for on air status.

	Ensure all the RF values are within the specified specs and in compliance with the FCC regulations.

	Complete daily deployment of field technicians and assign them appropriate tasks for their daily assignments

	Ensure commissioning of all sites is completed in accordance with the approved project and within the specified time line.

	Complete weekly reports on all microwaves back haul reports on sites that are converted over from LEC to MW.



System Engineer Net Work Command Center					

May2009 – Feb. 2010

TECORE NETWORKS - Columbia, MD

					              	 		



	Delivered excellence customer service through situation analysis and timely resolve of escalating problems as a manager of NCC

	Managed and coordinated Service Integration, Testing and Turn-up for cisco unified call management within Tecore 

	Worked with International LEC’s and AAV’s for service related troubles for fault isolation and resolution for IP related issues for both data and voice

	Added and performed additions to existing lub node B RNC to MSC server and core network Managed backup end support using Linux /Unix on company built MSC (Core Access Client), 

	Performed MSC/MGW, E911, PSTN, SS7 trunk provisioning, trunk builds, and routing translations. 

	Managed and configured ISUP/GSN and GPRS boards on customer switches to handle capacity 

	Performed Linux/Unix upgrades on all international customers using TECORE switches to include, SIP troubles, ISUP issues, configuration changes and software upgrade

	Managed Installation of Metro cells for remote locations in Alaska wireless network and Island com to connect their remote islands, worked with LEC’s and AAV’s for adding services.



Network Operations Manager 							Mar. 2006 – May 2009

SPRINT - Reston, VA                                                                       



	Award winning manager in Disaster management and recovery, mentored 32 highly motivated technicians at Sprint NOC covering all areas of Voice/VOIP/Data support covering all wireless and IT related issues.

	Completed the NOC integration project before the specified time line and under budget without compromising the KPI numbers.

	Analysis of problem metrics and trends and recommends proactive actions for service improvements. Completed after action reports after each major outage

	Added Responsibility for crisis management from the initial discovery to closing for all major outage events

	Organized and managed outage bridges for stakeholders to assist with problem resolution. 

	Maintained communication, collaboration, cooperation, and coordination with all relevant support groups 

	Ensures post event/crisis follow-up actions are addressed as part of the reporting process. 

	Performed quality metrics to control MTTR/MTTA for voice/VOIP and data network elements to include, MSC, BTS BSC and IBSC’s and VOIP platforms 

	Created/Prepared/Updated Work Orders, Trouble Tickets audits, Performance Status Reports on daily and weekly basis





Lead System Analyst								Feb. 2002 – Mar. 2006

NEXTEL - Mclean, VA	

	

	Duties and responsibilities available if required\n
MAHJAVEEN HASSAN

Email: mahjhassan@gmail.com | Cell: 631.645.6984

Arlington, VA - 22204

Work Authorization: US Citizen

Experienced Software Test Engineer



Solutions-focused Software Test Engineer with six years of experience and high-level proficiency in Quality Assurance testing. Solid understanding with SDLC, STLC and a foundation in OOP, VB Script, SQL, UNIX and automation monitoring tool Selenium. Hardworking, key team player, and able to work under minimum supervision.

Hands on expertise in creating Test Plan, Standardized test cases, Design and Build and execute automated scripts to pinpoint software failing. Facilitate defect triage and dispose issues. Serve as a value-adding member of QA teams.

TECHNOLOGICAL TOOLBOX and EXPERTISE



Testing Tools: 		    Selenium (WebDriver), HP ALM, HP Quality Center, JIRA, Rally

Project Management:        ALM, SharePoint, JIRA, Visual Studio .Net

Language: 		    Java, VB 6, VBScript, JavaScript, C++, C#, UNIX Scripting, SQL, jQuery, Json, CSS/HTML, XML

Functional/Regression: 	    Selenium, Eclipse

Testing Methodologies: 	   Agile, Iterative, Waterfall 

Database: 		   Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, MS Access

Operating Systems:	   Windows OS, UNIX, Mainframe



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES

 PRIMARY PARTNERCARE MANAGEMENT INC.            					               09/2014 – Present

Great Neck, NY

Automation Engineer  



Provide object-oriented analysis/design, coding and testing to company's proprietary patient management software. Identify, manage and simplify requirements for a major section of business process within company guidelines. Participate in Sprint planning; daily scrum, spec review, estimating story and recommend QA process improvements.



Responsibilities:



Collaborate with product owner to identify automation stories and establish business acceptance criteria.

Team up with functional testing team to create test cases for automation based on line of business stories.

Design, build automation scripts, manage test suits to enhance automation testing and reduce redundancy.

Responsible for managing automation test environment and automation script update and enhancements.

Develop and implement automation regression test scripts and maintain testing in Selenium (WebDriver).

Manage automated projects for daily regression run, analyze reports, and classify critical defect category. 

Create summary intelligence reports to mitigate major issues and update key stake holders across project.

Responsible for creating and updating automation run progress matrix to increase automation coverage.

Validate back end data and inventory records by writing SQL queries using SQL Server Management Studio.

Maintain daily regression; manage build version and smoke tests using Jenkins running in Apache Tomcat.

Participate in project planning, user story grooming, daily standup, end of sprint demo and sprint retro. 

Involve in weekly meeting with other automation engineers to improve organizational automation process.

Environment: Selenium | Junit |Visual Studio 2012 | SQL Server Management Studio| Putty | IIS | Rally| JIRA | ALM| Java | .Net | Json | SVN | Windows server 2008 r2 | Jenkins | Maven | WinSCP | Altov XMLSPY | Q-Dir|Tomcat.

			 	 

SIRIUS –XM    					              					               06/2010 – 08/2014

Washington, DC

QA Analyst



Provide lifecycle management of automated testing projects on software and large database applications using QC and various monitoring and scripting tools. Maintain cooperative relationships with developers and communicate with both technical and nontechnical stakeholders. Proactively work under minimum supervision with efficiency. 



Responsibilities:

Responsible for functional testing, defect log, run QA environment smoke test and draft status report.

Worked with QA team on security, system testing, integration testing, beck end data validation testing.

Identified automation scope; evaluate and configure tools to introduced automation in QA environment.

Introduced test efficiency by increasing requirement coverage and track defects with traceability matrix. 

Participated in platform testing, Internet-Web router testing, printer and app related hardware testing.

Designed and developed, updated and maintain automation test script using Eclipse for regression testing. 

Enhanced and managed Selenium automation framework and managed automation test environment. 

Developed Java based automation test for data processing, data security, file transfer and created ODBC.

Managed automation roadmap and drove team towards continuous improvement using QA best practice.

Worked closely with offshore team to guide and help identifying project needs and standardized test cases.   

Monitored and supervised new QA team members to maintain quality standards and company guidelines. 

Tested windows and browser compatibility mode for migratory applications and company legacy systems.

Responsible for categorization of defects, facilitate defect triage calls and create defect re-test protocols.

Participated in all phases of smoke, system, integration, regression and user/business acceptance testing.

Created Test Plan using Business Requirements Documentation and Technical Design Specification (TDS).

Wrote and execute Shell in UNIX to file transfer program, copy file and remote file copy to validate data.

Complex database queries to test and identify and capture transaction errors and provide details to Dev.

Updated defects in ALM, work with development team to reproduce and demonstrate defects as needed.



Environment: Selenium | Java | ALMQC | SharePoint | Visual Basic | VBScript | JSP | JAVA Script | XML |HTML | CSS | JSON | Windows| Oracle | Oracle Developer | JBOSS.





 EDUCATION  

Farmingdale State University – Farmingdale, NY 

Bachelor of Science in Computer Programming and Computer Systems



 



Page | 1\n
Tania M. DaSilva



Qualifications Summary

Strategic yet tactful professional, motivated by challenge, with increasing experience in the Human Resource arena and administrative experience supporting management teams and employees through times of growth and through times of downsizing.

Core Competencies

Staffing & Recruitment

HR Administration

Audit & Compliance

Employee Relations

Training & Development

Management & Supervisory Skills

Performance Assessment Management

Policy Development & Implementation

	



Work Experience

Paradyme Management, Inc., Greenbelt, MD						          April 2015 – Present Director of Corporate Support 

Responsible for managing the day-to-day activities of the Corporate Support Team ensuring that the team is providing an effective level of support and enablement.  Key responsibilities include creating efficiencies in processes to ensure constant improvement. Also serve as the Director of HR responsible for managing the Human Resources for the organization including Benefits administration.

Georgetown University, School of Nursing & Health Studies (NHS), Washington, DC	            September 2008 – April 2015 Director of HR Operations 

Oversee the Human Resource and facilities functions of the School and manage the human resources requirements for a faculty and staff of more than 400 persons, including facilitation of the faculty, staff and student hiring and contract processes.

Work with the central NHS administration to coordinate the operations and business activities of the School.  

Provide oversight of several financial and operational affairs of the school such as supervision of the mailroom, student interns and assistants, new employee orientation, space and resource allocation, equipment, phones and keys.    

Serve as a liaison for NHS to other areas of the University and Medical Center, particularly as relates to Human Resources including personnel, policies, recruitment, benefits, and employee relations as well as Medical Center Finance on payroll matters.

Assist in the process of recruitment for faculty, staff, student hires, and teaching assistants from initiation to completion.  

Conduct new employee orientations to ensure smooth transition into the Georgetown community.

Function as the direct manager of NHS’ Human Resource Coordinator and indirect manager of the NHS Program Coordinators to ensure professionalism and consistency in departmental administration, service, integration, communications, and planning.  

Work with main campus to implement and maintain NHS’ emergency preparedness plan.  

Oversee organization and maintenance of NHS common areas (i.e. mailroom, supply closet, and kitchenettes).



Accomplishments:

Played a vital role in establishing the contracting and hiring procedures for remote faculty hires joining the Department of Nursing’s Online Masters Program to include the development of the Remote Hire Form for the I9 process.   This form has been adopted University wide.

Developed Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) documentation for HR processes (school specific), including Onboarding, Faculty Engagement/Contracting, and Employee Reimbursement processes.

Worked with Department Chairs to develop a Faculty Compensation Structure for Adjunct positions based on market drivers.   



Triad Communication, Inc., Washington, DC				         	           February 2007 – August 2008

Human Resources Manager



Overall Responsibilities included providing a full range of HR support to the management team and all employees including but not limited to:

Leading all recruitment efforts for professional positions including IT- drafting job descriptions/announcements; sourcing, screening, and interviewing; determining suitability and organizational fit; performing background checks and verifying prior employment and references; providing new hire orientation and on-boarding.

Maintaining personnel files in compliance with applicable legal requirements and ensuring all employee records are kept up-to-date.

Managing and tracking of all employee disciplinary actions- providing coaching and counseling to managers before the execution of such employee disciplinary actions.

Ensuring that the company’s Employee Handbook is maintained and updated as needed and changes to company policy are reflected appropriately.  

Distributing, monitoring and ensuring that all Employee Performance Evaluations are completed in a timely manner.

Supervising receptionist function assuring coverage of switchboard at all times.

Assisting the Chief Financial Officer with the administration of all employee benefits (group health insurance, life insurance, and 401k) and the preparation of payroll.  

Directing special events for staff by coordinating venues and schedules, and staying within budget.

Additional responsibility of managing Triad's real estate subsidiaries consisting of three properties. 



Accomplishments:

Within the first six months of employment, successfully established and implemented policies and procedures in recruitment (created an applicant tracking database in Access), new hire orientation and on boarding, personnel file management (completed an audit on all historic and current employee files and input key information into an employee database created in Access), performance evaluations and counseling.  

Investigated and successfully concluded a claim of sexual harassment to the satisfaction of all parties involved. 



Graham Staffing Services, Inc., Rockville, MD				                         	       April 2006 – Feb 2007

Staffing Specialist



Responsible for the full life cycle recruiting process for temporary, temporary-to-permanent and permanent placements.  

William Gallagher Associates Insurance Brokers, Inc., Boston, MA				      July 2004 - March 2006

Assistant Claims Consultant



On behalf of WGA client, established claim files and managed the direction of the claim with the carrier, maintained current and frequent communication with the carrier, and advocated the client’s position. 

Education



	Master of Science in Management (Concentration: Human Resource Management)

	University of Maryland University College- Adelphi, MD

	

	Bachelor of Science in Business Management (Concentration: Human Resource Management)

	Towson University- Towson, MD 

		

Professional Affiliation

Society for Human Resource Management

		

Additional Skills 

Working knowledge of general human resources practices and policies (EEO, FLSA, FMLA, ERISA, COBRA, ADA, ADEA & HIPPA).

Exceptional relationship-building skills; collaborates well; able to develop and leverage relationships inside and outside an organization to enhance open communication and company productivity.

Proficient in the Microsoft Office XP Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and Access).

HRIS: PeopleSoft, Kenexa Products, Star Searcher, Humanis, and Workday

Project Management Software: AtTask

Well versed with online job boards – Monster, CareerBuilder, WashingtonPost.com, Craigslist, Job Fox, etc…

Strong research, communication and presentation skills.

Work very well both independently and in a team.

Meticulous attention to detail and proven ability to handle multiple projects efficiently.

Conversational Spanish and Portuguese.



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Tania DaSilva	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 3\n
Henry (Hung) Dao
5053 Berwyn Rd College Park, MD 20740

816.482.1746

hung.dao@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems (MSIS). GMAT: 700

December 2017

University of Missouri, Kansas City, MO
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Focus Area: Entrepreneurship. GPA: 3.63
▪ Received Chancellor’s Non-Resident Awards for outstanding academic performance

2015

Diplomatic Academy of Vietnam, Hanoi, Vietnam
Bachelor of Arts, International Relations

2011

Technical Skills:
Languages: R, Python for Data Science, SQL, UML, basic C, HTML and CSS
Tools: Tableau, PowerBI, Minitab, Arena, Advanced Excel, Palisade Package (StatTool, PrecisionTree, @Risk and
SolverTable), Rational Rose, MS Visio, LucidChart
Operating systems: Windows XP, Mac OS X
EXPERIENCE
KC Chamber of Commerce, Kansas City, MO
2015
Public Policy & Programming Intern
▪ Administered SBA software to manage database of its memberships (more than 1,300 businesses) and events
▪ Interacted with small businesses, coordinated and supported special events. Researched issues and policies
▪ Prepared marketing materials: copy-writing, design, photography and social media post. Monitored website content
Four Pillars Investors, Kansas City, MO
2015
M&A Analyst Intern
▪ Recommended promising deals based on analysis and contributed to one successful transaction valued at $950k
▪ Conducted company and industry analysis and developed financial models with various levels of sophistication
▪ Identified acquisition candidates and made cold calls to targeted companies, investment bankers and brokers
University of Missouri, Kansas City, MO
Graduate Research Assistant (GRA) at Marketing and Supply Chain Department
▪ Conducted surveys and analyzed data for two marketing research
▪ Designed and maintained a personal website for professor
▪ Monitored students’ tests, graded and uploaded scores to blackboard system

2014-2015

D&N International Law Firm, Hanoi, Vietnam
2012
Paralegal
▪ Negotiated and handled $20k-per-contract with foreign clients, including firms in the US, Vietnam, China and Korea
▪ Provided legal services and consultancy in fields of commerce and business operations
▪ Assisted company lawyers in IP infringement investigations and lawsuits
LEADERSHIP AND VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
▪
▪
▪
▪

1st Place Achievement Award at 2016 Smith MS Case Competition. Student ambassadors of Smith MS Programs
Project leader (CEO) of Suedoskull LLC in the Regnier Venture Challenge Competition 2015
One of 20 best members representing UMKC Enactus Team at National Competition, St. Louis, 2015
Coordinator at SJ Vietnam (helping blind children) 2009 – 2011

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
▪ Fluent in Vietnamese and English.
▪ 83th percentile score in Bloomberg Aptitude Test. Financial Modelling, Data Analysis and Reporting Skills.
▪ Training: Business Analyst (SDLC methodologies: Waterfall, Agile SCRUM; business requirement documents,
user stories, use cases, data modelling, data mapping, workflow, screen mock-up, activity and sequence diagrams)
▪ Interests in Healthcare, Consulting and Technology Industry. Hobbies: travel and sports

\n
NAMRATHA JAGADEESH
ANALYST | DEVELOPER | VISUALIZATION DESIGNER

8125 48th Ave, College Park, MD
namratha@terpmail.umd.edu
240-467-4174

EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND, COLLEGE PARK
May‘18
Master of Science- Information Management | Specialization - Data Analytics

TECHNICAL SKILLS
ANALYTICS, BI & DEV
R, Tableau, Jigsaw, Datawatch

UNIVERSITY OF PUNE, INDIA
Bachelor of Engineering - Information Technology

PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES
C++, JAVA, C#, SQL,VB, HTML, JavaScript, Python

May‘14

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
DIGITAL CURATION FELLOWSHIP | USDA
Feb ‘17-Now
• Identifying and analyzing proper metadata standards to apply to a
wide range of data formats and then applying the standards.
• Work with UI engineers to better optimize search and discovery
using metadata for the National Agricultural Library and FDA.
SOFTWARE ANALYST|DASSAULT SYSTEMES Mar‘15-Jun‘16
• Developed and Optimized functionalities for a Product Lifecycle Management software to enhance productivity.
• Analyzed client data and requirements to recommend better solutions to decrease their time taken to release products into the market.
• Remodeled SQL scripts to customize the existing database schema
that led to performance tuning and increased efficiency by 20%.
• Designed Graphical User Interface (GUI) for multi-CAD Integration
and MS Office documents.
ASSISTANT SYSTEM ENGINEER | TCS
Sep‘14-Feb‘15
• Pioneered project implementation and management skills using SDLC
, coding, UNIX scripting, databases and formulating reports for different phases of the project.
ANALYSIS INTERN | Persistent Systems Ltd.
May‘13-Jun‘14
• Configured and Implemented Apache Hadoop HDFS and Map Reducing techniques in a multi node network to establish a social network
graph between individuals based on open source data.
• Built a text analysis software which crawling of data, parsing it to extract names of individuals and predicting their acquaintances with each
other based on context analysis.
Key Skills: Hadoop Framework: HDFS, MapReduce
PROJECT WORK
NEWS POPULARITY ANALYSIS | UMD
Sep‘16-Dec’16
• Developed R script to predict the effect of various factors on the
popularity of the news articles using exploratory data analysis (ANOVA, Multiple Regression).
• Consolidated a detailed report of the conceptualization, analysis process and visualization of the findings.
AIRCRASH DATA ANALYSIS | UMD
Sep‘16-Dec’16
• Performed data cleaning and normalization using R to structure data
in an efficient way.
• Applied descriptive and inferential statistics to discover and illustrate
patterns and performance of different carriers worldwide.

DATABASES
MySQL, Oracle, IBM DB2
DATA MANAGEMENT
Hadoop Framework, Microsoft Azure
Cloud, Advanced Excel
OPERATING SYSTEMS
Linux, Windows and Mac
SEMINAR
Hadoop framework, HBase and HDFS.
RELEVANT COURSES
Data Analytics
Visual Analytics
Introduction to Data Science
Strategic Information Management
Database Design
Information Retrieval
Cloud Computing
CERTIFICATIONS
IBM DB2 Certified Academic Associate
CORE JAVA from NIIT
AWARDS
SCHOLARSHIP - Academic Excellence from Pune Corporation
BEST NEW COMER - 3DPLM
Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
LEADERSHIP + ACTIVITIES
PARTICIPANT - Industrial workshop
on ‘Hadoop and Distributed Systems with
Big Data, Map Reduce and Hive’
TRAINER & EVENT ORGANIZER
- 3DPLM Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
LINKEDIN PROFILE
www.linkedin.com/in/namratha-jagadeesh

\n
Ethan R. Ace

7618 Rhode Island Avenue | College Park, Maryland 20740 | 443-934-3884 | ethan.ace@gmail.com



Education

University of Maryland

Economics                                                                                 

May 2018

GPA : 3.4

Dean’s List: Fall 2014

Related Coursework: Business Management, Microeconomics, Macroeconomics.

Freie-Universität, Berlin

Comprehensive courses in Economic, Public, and Foreign policy of the European Union.

ACTIVITIES

Students Helping Honduras



Volunteered with a team of about 50 students to travel to Honduras in order to build a middle school for a rural village near San Pedro Sula. Successfully constructed the foundation and walls during our week of service. 

National Society of Leadership and Success

Member, Summer 2016 - Present

Maryland Men’s Soccer Club

Member, Fall 2014 - Present

Sigma Nu Delta Phi Chapter, Homecoming Chairman

Organize activities and events for alumni, as well as several other fraternities and sororities, during homecoming week for University of Maryland.





Experience

Adele’s

Server

            June 2016 to Present

Coordinate with other servers to provide superb service to students, parents, and professors in a restaurant averaging 500 daily customers.

Verify that student’s checks are split correctly and untaxed transactions are handled properly.

Collect payment from guests. Complete side work as assigned, clear and set tables, and stock service areas.





Buddy’s Pools & Spas

Retail

   

   May 2014 to August 2014

Coordinated the sales of pool chemicals, supplies, and equipment to customers.

Provided customer service over the phone to customers who had questions about various equipment for their pool.

Diagnosed customers’ pool water through alkaline tests, PH tests, and algae tests. Advised customers on how to treat their pool by suggesting chemicals and algae killers.

Familiarized myself with databases for pool equipment.

SKILLS

Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, MICROs.

REFERENCES

Dr. Sebastian Golla
sebastian.golla@gmx.de\n
BIO

Patrick Conway, M.D. 

Health Care Industry | Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services| Chief Medical officer, deputy administrator for innovation and quality, Director of innovation









BIO

Patrick Conway, M.D. 

Health Care Industry | Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services| Chief Medical officer, deputy administrator for innovation and quality, Director of innovation









BIO

Patrick Conway, M.D. 

Health Care Industry | Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services| Chief Medical officer, deputy administrator for innovation and quality, Director of innovation









WHite House Fellowship

Patrick was a White House Fellow from 2007-08 who worked with HHS and the Director for Healthcare Research and Quality. The White House Fellowship takes industry experts and places them in positions where they can report directly to senior government staff. Patrick was recently recognized by the Fellowship and received the 2016 IMPACT Award for his continued public service. 











Cincinnati Childrens Hospital

In his time at the Cincinnati Children’s Hospital, Dr. Conway is credited with leading the Hospital to become one of the premier pediatric divisions in the country. As Director of Hospital Medicine, Dr. Conway transformed the pediatrics department into a full academic division, complete with research efforts and studies.

Current position 

Center for Medicare and Medicaid services • Chief Medical officer

In his position as CMO, Patrick leads the Center for Clinical Standards and Quality. His medical expertise allows him to make judgements on acceptable drugs/treatments through clinical research and determine if a drug/treatment is effective for use in healthcare programs. 

Center for Medicare and medicaid services • Deputy Admin 

The CMS center for innovation seeks to test new health care provider models to bring the largest amount of coverage to the most people at the least price. As a member of the leadership team at the center for innovation, Patrick uses his experience in the healthcare industry to create payment and service delivery models that fit both clinicians and patients. 



PEDIATRIC DOCTOR: Dr. Conway continues to practice pediatric medicine while he serves as CMO and Deputy Admin. He previously practiced at the Cincinnati Children’s Hospital on weekends, but currently works at the Children’s Hospital in Washington D.C.













Education

M.S. • 2005-07 • UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA SCHOOL OF MEDICINE

Completed master’s of science majoring in Health Services and Health Policy as part of the RWJ (Robert Wood Johnson) clinical scholars program. The RWJ clinical scholars program centers around Health Care research and implementation produced by policy makers in the Health Care industry. 

Residency • 2002-05 • Harvard Medical School

Completed pediatric residency at Boston Children’s Hospital. The Harvard Medical School is one of the most respected medical schools in the world. Less than 5% of students are admitted to the program and alumni boast 9 Nobel Peace Prize awards. 

M.D. • 1998-2002 • Baylor 

Completed medical school at Baylor University, home of the Bears. Baylor Medical School, located in Houston, Texas boasts the largest medical complex in the world. Currently, the Baylor pediatrics program is ranked 9th in the United States.



B.S. • 1992-96 • Texas A&M University

Completed bachelors of science majoring in Genetics.  Texas A&M, home of the Aggies, is a massive state university. With over 50,000 enrollees, the college is one of the largest in the United States. 













CMS Innovation Center

The CMS Innovation Center is led by Dr. Conway, where he takes an administrative role in the research and implementation of health care policies. The center’s purpose is to develop a variety of health care delivery models and adapt payment structures to enable clinicians to provide high-quality care. 



CMS Innovation models 

Accountable Care: Incentivize health care providers to become accountable for a patient population and invest in infrastructure/care processes.



Episode-based Payment Initiatives: These programs hold health care providers accountable for the cost/quality of episodic care (hospitalization or chemotherapy). 



Primary Care Transformation: Programs to strengthen and increase access to primary care. 



Initiatives for Medicaid and CHIP populations: State administered programs that deal with government sponsored insurance. These programs are jointly funded by state and the federal government.



Initiatives for Medicare/Medicaid Enrollees: These programs focus on beneficiaries who are enrolled in both Medicare and Medicaid. 



Development and Testing of Payment/Service Delivery Models: Programs under this category consist of partnerships with local/regional stakeholders to test new methods of health care provision and payment. 



Speed Adoption of Best Practices: These programs seek to implement the research results from CMS studies. Partnerships with health care providers, professional societies and other experts allow for testing of new concepts for permanent implementation.



Professional/Educational Summary

Before he worked at CMS, Dr. Conway had a wealth of job experience. Beginning in 1996 as a health care consultant at McKinsey and Co., Dr. Conway returned to school in 1998 to complete his medical degree at Baylor. He completed his residency at the Boston Children’s Hospital during his tenure at Harvard Medical School and once again returned to school. At the University of Pennsylvania, Dr. Conway was a RWJ (Robert Wood Johnson) Clinical Scholar. He completed his masters of science in 2007 with a focus on Health Services Research and Health Policy.



In his first year after college, Dr. Conway was selected to be a member of the annual White House Fellowship. Still an active alumnus, he received the IMPACT Award in 2016 for his continued commitment to public service. After his fellowship ended in 2008, Dr. Conway took a position in public health as the Chief Medical Officer for the Department of Health and Human Services. He was also an Assistant Professor at the Cincinnati Children’s Hospital from 2007-2010.





In 2010, Dr. Conway left the Department of Health and Human Services to become the Director of Hospital Medicine at the Cincinnati Children’s Hospital. As the director, he was responsible for leading the change into an academic focused hospital. During his tenure, the pediatrics division became one of the leading treatment/research centers in the country. In 2011, Dr. Conway accepted an offer from CMS and has been with them ever since.

Achievements

Partnership for Patients: A private-public partnership whose goal is to increase healthcare affordability for Americans. Their man goal is to make care safer and at the same time improve patient transitions to new care locations. The program has saved an estimated 87,000 lives, 2 million injuries and $20 billion. 



QIO Program (Quality Improvement Organization): A federal program designed to improve the effectiveness, efficiency, economy and quality of services delivered to Medicare beneficiaries.  QIO’s operate as a group of health experts, clinicians and consumers that work to improve the services offered by Medicare. The QIO program has been instrumental in lowering patient harm by 17 percent, which is calculated through lives saved (50,000), avoided unnecessary harms (1.3 million) and cost savings ($12 billion). 



QPP (Quality Payment Plan): The QPP is a payment initiative designed to help doctors and clinicians who treat the most vulnerable American’s. With payment cliffs approaching, the QPP allows these care providers to use new resources and improve care quality for patients. The QPP is broken into two separate divisions:

APM (Advanced Alternative Payment Model): earns incentive payments for participation in experimental payment models.

MIPS (Merit Based Incentive Payment System): rewards performance based adjustments. 











Academic Journalism

Dr. Conway has been published nearly 100 times as either an author or co-author. As per his expertise, he writes academic health care policy/payment recommendations. Many of his academic writing centers around the experimentation, theorization or application of various payment systems from different divisions of health care. The financials of treatment service systems for cardiovascular, oncological and other health issues are analyzed in detail using an academic method of evaluation.

Blogging

HealthAffairs.org hosts Dr. Conway’s personal blog page. The blog focuses on the same topics as his academic journalism, health care service payments, but in a less academic manner. Articles focus on new updates to health service plans, evaluations of implemented health service plans and the challenges that arise from financial health care management. The blog can be found at this link: healthaffairsblog.org/blog/author/Conway/\n
Technical Skills



Languages

Java, JSP, Groovy, C, C#



J2EE/JAVA Technologies

REST/SOAP Web Services

Jersey, Apache CXF, Apache Axis2

 

Web Technologies

Angular JS, JQuery, JSON, HTML5, CSS3, Sass, Node.js, AJAX, JavaScript



Frameworks 

Spring 4, Spring MVC, 

Grails, Hibernate, 

Google Web Toolkit(GWT) 


Build/Deploy Tools Maven, Jenkins, Grunt, Bower



Source/Version Control

Git, Subversion



Command-line Build Systems

Grunt, Gulp



Workflow & Delivery

Responsive Web Design,

Mobile Development,

Single page web app,

Google Analytics



IDE Tools Eclipse, STS IntelliJ, NetBeans, WebStorm

Sublime Text, Photoshop

Dreamweaver,



Application/Web Servers 

Oracle WebLogic, 

IBM WebSphere, Apache Tomcat, JBoss


Databases Oracle 11g, DB2,   MS SQL Server, MySQL


Testing Tools   SOAPUI, Junit, EasyMock, Mockito, Ruby, Cucumber, LoadRunner, Quality Center



Education

B.S. Electrical Engineering/ Computer Science (Minor), Wright State University; Dayton, Ohio

Adnan Faruq



faruq@hotmail.com

#(614) 832-1789



ROLE INTERESTS 

Sr Java/J2EE UI Lead Developer/ Agile Iteration Project Manager (Scrum Master)



SUMMARY 

 

Around 10+ years of experience in design and development of various projects based on Java 
• Complete understanding of Object Oriented design and development of Web-based and client/server-based systems on multiple platforms. 
• Proficient in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (Analysis, design, development, testing and deployment) and understanding requirement document, design document, class diagrams, and sequence diagrams for the implementation. 
• Extensive knowledge and implementation skills in Spring Framework, O/R mapping Hibernate Framework and Struts MVC framework (Validator, Tiles, Tag Libraries, Action Classes) 
• Excellent OOAD skills with design & development in Java, SOAP and REST Web Services. 
• Developed component by using Core Java, Servlets and JSP, JDBC, JMS, XML, JUNIT. • Experience with various databases such as Oracle, MySQL, and IBM DB2. 
• Experience with unit testing using JUnit, ANT and Maven. Well-versed in Java and J2EE Design Patterns 
• Extensive experience in deploying, configuring, and fine-tuning middle-tier popular J2EE Application Servers 
• Efficient in packaging & deploying J2EE applications using ANT, Maven & Cruise Control on WebLogic, WebSphere & JBoss. 
• Worked on the performance & load test related tools like JProfiler and JMeter. 
• Have working experience on Angular.JS, Cassandra. 
• Have Good Knowledge in NodeJs Having an experience in developing middleware services with the help of Oracle OSB. 
• Experience in analyzing and deploying middleware services in WebLogic container. 
• Well versed in the complete SDLC starting from requirements gathering, use cases, design, development and testing. 
• Expertise in design and development of various web- and enterprise-level applications using j2ee technologies like JSP, Servlets, JDBC, Oracle. 
• Good experience in object oriented analysis & design using different design methodologies/process frameworks like SDLC and tools like rational rose, Microsoft Visio. 
• Experience in using frameworks and tools like JUnit. 
• Developed web applications by implementing model view control (MVC) architecture using JSP pages that interact with Servlets. 
• Expertise on Agile Plus (Test Driven design) and Water fall methodology. Work experience with Clear case, SVN and VSS. 
• Able to work in a Team as well as independently producing desired result
• Strong analytical and problem solving skills, self-starter, and good team player

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Nestlé Nutrition North America (Gerber life Insurance), Columbus, OH                               July ’16 – Present

Sr.  Java/J2EE Lead UI Front-End Developer



Description:  https://www.gerberlife.com Nestlé Nutrition, part of Nestlé U.S.A., is a world leader in nutrition, health and wellness.  Gerber Products Company, founded in 1928, officially joined the Nestlé Nutrition family in 2007. Nestlé Nutrition and Gerber’s combined resources and scientific research expertise have enabled the company to become a worldwide leader in early childhood nutrition. Gerber produces more than 400 food products, all of which are a part of the proprietary Gerber® Start Healthy, Stay Healthy™ nutrition system.



Responsibilities:

Responsible for building an ergonomic and efficient front-end using latest technologies for an enterprise-level Java application.

Worked with HTML5, XML, JSON, JavaScript, J Query, Angular JS for developing user interface.

Translate business requirements into functional requirements and detailed design.

Perform Backend Java development as well as front end UI development utilizing AngularJS, JavaScript and other JavaScript plugins

Expert knowledge of best practice software engineering methodologies, processes, and technologies with a passion for programming.

Demonstrated knowledge of object-oriented programming and design principles.

Expert ability to apply analytical and problem-solving skills to solve complex design and coding challenges.

Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Ability to work independently and to follow directions.

Ability to articulate and promote software development best-practices.

Experience with revision control systems, preferably SVN or Git.

Skilled in writing specifications and end-user documentation.

Capture and maintains all development artifacts and effectively disseminate and communicate design concepts to all functional consumers and other development team members and support peers

Mentoring Jr. developers

Environment: 
Java/J2EE, Angular JS, Spring, Hibernate, JQuery, AJAX, , JavaScript, Oracle, PL/SQL JDBC, Apache CXF, REST, Eclipse, WebSphere, JUnit, Agile UML, JSPs, JSTL, Servlets, Maven.





American Electric Power Energy, Columbus, OH                                                               October ’15 – July ’16

Sr.  Java/J2EE  Lead Developer 



Description:  http://www.aepenergy.com    AEP Energy is an independent electricity supplier to business and residential customers and provides energy efficiency services nationwide. AEP Energy makes it easy for customers to buy, manage and use energy.



Responsibilities:



Worked with HTML5, XML, JSON, JavaScript, J Query, Angular JS for developing user interface 

Developing the code for Enhancement CR using AngularJS, HTML5, CSS and Twitter Bootstrap 

Used advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and CSS layouts.

Defined and constructed layers, server-side objects and client-side interfaces based on J2EE design patterns,

Developed and implemented Swing, spring and J2EE based MVC (Model-View-Controller) framework for the application. 

Designed and developed Enterprise Eligibility business objects and domain objects with Object Relational Mapping framework such as Hibernate. 

Implemented application level persistence using Hibernate and Spring 

Developed Servlets and JSPs based on MVC pattern using Struts framework and Spring Framework. 

Expertise in developing enterprise applications using Struts Frameworks 

Developed Web pages using Struts view component JSP, JavaScript, HTML, jQuery, AJAX, to create the • User interface views Migration 3rd party applications. 

Implemented validation on the JSP fields using Struts Validation framework which included writing 

Validation.xml and validation-rules.xml files 
Implemented Backbone.js and React.js to create a dynamically changing website. 





Environment: 
Java/J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, Struts, JQuery, AJAX, ExtJS, JavaScript, Oracle, CRUDE, PL/SQL JDBC, Apache CXF, REST, Eclipse, WebSphere, ClearCase, JUnit, Agile UML, JSPs, JSTL, Servlets, Maven, Google Web Toolkit(GWT), Jasper report, ILOG, Web2.0, SOA.



Used J Query to make the frontend components interact with the • Written JUNIT test cases for testing UI Framework classes and wrote many Java Scripts to do client side validations. 

 Implemented RESTful web services to invoke downstream services 

Used SOAP UI to interact with OSM web services. 

Used Apache's Jakarta Struts as MVC framework for designing the complete Web tier. 

Worked on web services SOAP and REST technologies 

Created web services using WTP tool plugin to the eclipse IDE which is deployed as a separate application using Maven scripts. 

Developed Single Page Application (SPA) using AngularJS Framework. 

Developed Web Application to replace the existing and legacy Website using AngularJS Framework. 

Followed MVC Architecture using AngularJS Framework. 

Ability to rapidly prototype interface designs in hand-coded validating, standards-compliant, and semantically rich code and be aware of cross-browser compatibility and bugs. 

Understanding of the differences and bugs in various browsers and browser versions. 

Understanding of application development lifecycle methodologies. 

Knowledge of human factors and usability, best practices for interface design. 

Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams. 

Excellent problem solving skills and the ability to work independently. 

Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS. 

Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML. 

 Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application. 

Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS based on the W3C standards. 

Tested the application using GruntJS. 

Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts. 

Used GIT for version control. 



Environment: 
Java/J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, Struts, JQuery, AJAX, ExtJS, JavaScript, Oracle, CRUDE, PL/SQL JDBC, Apache CXF, REST, Eclipse, WebLogic, ClearCase, JUnit, Agile UML, JSPs, JSTL, Servlets, Maven, Google Web Toolkit(GWT), Jasper report, ILOG, Web2.0, SOA.





Nationwide Insurance, Inc.  Columbus, OH                                                                 April ’14 – September ’15

Sr.  Java Tech Lead Developer



Description:  http://www.nationwide.com   offers an inclusive lineup of web/mobile applications that provides competitive insurance/retirement products & tools with flexible options and riders to meet customers' diverse portfolio needs.



Responsibilities:



• Developed application service components and configured beans using Spring, creation of Hibernate mapping files and generation of database schema. 
• Implemented Spring AOP for admin services. 
• Developed stored procedures, Triggers and functions in Oracle 10g to process the trades using PL/SQL and mapped it to Hibernate Configuration File and also established data integrity among all tables 
• Implemented Object-relation mapping in the persistence layer using hibernate frame work in conjunction with Spring Aspect Oriented Programming (AOP) functionality. 
• Developed Servlets and JSPs based on MVC pattern using Struts framework and Spring Framework. 
• Involved in designing the user interfaces using Struts Tiles Framework, HTML, JSP. 
• Implemented the MVC architecture using Apache Struts1.2 Framework. 
• Implemented views using Struts tags, JSTL2.0 and Expression Language. 
• Developed the service layer, a layer that acts a bridge between the presentation layer and data access layer, with Struts MVC framework 
• Configured development environment using Web sphere application server for developers integration testing 
• Developed persistence layer Data access objects using DAO pattern, JDBC, Hibernate. 
• Developed the view-controller components using Servlets/JSPs, JavaScript(J Query), CSS, HTML. 
• Client side validation was done using JavaScript's, sever side validations are done using Struts Validator Plug-In. 
• Implemented routing logic and navigation from screen to screen and also implemented login functionality on the client side in AngularJS 
• Used JQuery to make the frontend components interact with the Java Scripts functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side. 
• Developed the JSON structure for the data transfer in between the Goggle Web Toolkit (UI) and business tier Written JUNIT test cases for testing UI Framework classes and wrote many Java Scripts to do client side validations. 
• Used Apache's Jakarta Struts as MVC framework for designing the complete Web tier. 
• Extensive experience in designing front end interfaces using HTML, JSP, CSS, Java Scrip and Angular.js 
• Responsible for creating Unified portal screens using AngularJS and Bootstrap Framework 
• Worked on the modernization of a legacy and outsourced UI. Technologies used were Backbone.js, Can.js 
• Worked with Transaction Isolation levels in Oracle 
• Written unit test scripts to test entities with CRUD operations, analyze heap size and memory leaks. 
• Has created PL/SQL procedures, functions and complex SQL queries for admin services. 
• Designed & implemented client/server application to plan package forwarding & route scheduling. 
• Consumed Web Services using Apache CXF framework for getting remote information 
• Built Asynchronized Notification REST web service to send mess email/sms with Log4j, Spring, Hibernate, Tomcat and MySQL Queue. 
• Tools & Technology: Oracle, Java, Eclipse, PL/SQL Developer tool. 
• Conducted software builds using Subversion in a windows environment via Cruise Control. 
• Provides technical assistance in identifying, evaluating and developing Agile methodologies and procedures that are efficient, effective and meet good business practice. 
• Developed user interface using JSP, AJAX, JSP Tag libraries to simplify the complexities of the application. 
• Developed the front end using JSP JSTL, AJAX and Display Tag libraries. 
• Experience in creating build files using Maven. 
• Worked with J2EE and J2SE technologies including JSP's, Servlets, Java Web Start, EJB's and Web logic. 
• Experience in creating build files using Maven. 
• Configured glassfish server; Design shipping rate template upload UI using Adobe Flex and Developed Jasper report. 


Environment: 
Java/J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, Strut, EAP6, JQuery, AJAX, ExtJS, JavaScript, Oracle, CRUDE, PL/SQL JDBC, Apache CXF, Linux, REST, Eclipse, WebLogic, ClearCase, JUnit, Agile UML, JSPs, JSTL, Servelts, Maven, IText, Google Web Toolkit(GWT), Jasper report, ILOG, Web2.0, SOA, HTML, CSS.





Progressive Medical, Inc.  | Helios, Columbus, OH                                                             May ’13 – April ’14

Sr.  Java/J2EE Tech Lead 

Description:  StoneRiver Group affiliated companies are committed to being the provider of choice for the Life/Annuity, P&C/Workers Comp and Reinsurance markets. Hundreds of insurance carriers, as well as thousands of agents, brokers, and dealers, and tens of thousands of pharmacies rely on us. Through innovative solutions, flexible services offerings, and strategic sourcing options, we provide the agility to remain competitive in the changing insurance landscape 

	Responsibilities: 	

• Solution architecture, Design and development of Products and customized Applications. 
• Webservice implementation, consolidation and SOA governance.

• Utilize Agile process to streamline development process with iterative development. 
• Design and development of web applications- using J Query, Java, Spring, Hibernate. 
• BPM modeling, re-engineering, basic service implementations, composite service implementation. 
• Implemented the task dashboard of different work flows, and browsing capability using Apache Solr with JBOSS. 
• Human task work flow implementation, custom human task application implementations. 
• The system was developed in a test driven development (TDD), Extreme Programming (XP), Pair Programming environment using iterative development methodologies. 
• Configured and utilized Active MQ queues for asynchronous communication between applications. 
• Modeling of various business processes using JBPM, and business rules using Drools Expert. 
• SQL tuning with various search strategies in the customer's in-house developed data sets. 
• Using CXF, exposed the restful and SOAP-based web services as API to be utilized by mobile applications. 
• Implemented the web services and associated business modules integration using Spring and Hibernate ORM framework. 
• Using PL/SQL, written various stored procedures to enhance the performance. 
• Creating development plan, effort estimation and work assignments to team 
• Performing a role of 'Lead' in agile development. 
• Defining responsibilities and reviewing deliverables for the sprints and stories. 
• Continuous Integration using Hudson/SVN. 
• Unit Test documentations and bug fixing 
• Working with other teams to create the common solutions to resolve issues. 
 
Environment:
Java 6, JSP, Servlets, EJB2.1/3.0 JMS, JSF 2.0, Spring, Hibernate, XML, XSLT, XML Parsers, Web Services, SOAP JAXB, JAXP, J Query, Apache CXF, Apache 2.x, Apache ActiveMQ 5.3 & 5.7, Eclipse 3.7/4/0/4.1, Agile, TDD, XP, Pair programming, JBOSS 5.5, ANT, MS Visual Studio 2008/ 2010, SQL Server 2008, Oracle DB 11i, Harvest, SCM 12, Windows XP, Windows Server 2008, Hudson, Putty, WinSCP. 



TeleTech | eLoyalty, Austin, TX                                                                                                 Dec ’12- May ’13

Sr.  Java/J2EE  Developer 



Description:  eLoyalty is a Customer Interaction Consulting and Managed Services company which has been designing and implementing large-scale Customer Interaction Solutions that involve contact centers, the web, or speech self-service



IcApps, a web-based self-help portal for subscribers and for the client's provisioning systems enhancing and extending handset and data capabilities, designed, developed and deployed mobile applications for banking customers.



Responsibilities:



• Developed the Web Based Rich Internet Application (RIA) using J2EE (Spring framework) and Macromedia/Adobe Flex. 
• I worked on the MySQL migration project. To make the system completely independent of the database being used. Used Spring IBatis to implement this. 
• Converted the existing EJB session beans which call the host (Mainframe system) into POJO's. 
• Developed the UI panels using Spring MVC, XHTML, CSS, and JQuery 
• Configured Hibernate, Spring to map the business objects to MySQL Database using XML configuration file. 
• Developed Jersey Restful Framework of Spring for consuming and producing webservices. 
• Used TOAD for database query testing, in the process of optimizing the queries. 
• Efficient in up gradation and migration from SQL Server. 
• Designed and developed DAO layer with Hibernate standards, to access data from IBM DB2. 
• Designed and Developed the input/output data formats in XSD for the WSDL files and accordingly Automate test cases using the built in framework in Selenium Web Driver using Netbeans IDE. 
• Worked on Posting queue logic by implementing Message-Driven bean (MDB) using JMS and deployed on JBoss server. 
• Used Visual Source Safe (VSS) for source code maintenance. 
• Involved in full life cycle of project implementations (SDLC) like Water fall model, Agile (Scrum) model etc. for Design, Development, Maintenance & Support 
• Participated in converting the business requirements to software specifications using Rational UML. 
• Was involved in writing JSPs, JavaScript and Servlets to generate dynamic web pages and web content. 
• Experienced in building scripts using Ant and Maven. 
• Has developed XML Parsing logic using DOM Parsers. 
• Involved in debugging the product using Eclipse and JIRA Bug Tracking. 


Environment: Java/J2EE, Spring, iBatis, Spring MVC, EJB, JQuery, Toad, Oracle 11g, APACHE AXIS2, WSDL, Netbeans, Jersey, Apache Commons, Apache Ant, JBoss, CVS, Visual Source Safe, Selenium, Water fall Model, UML, JSP, SERVELT, ANT, Xml, JIRA, IBM MQ Series, Apache Tomcat, Linux, Unix, Mainframe, COBOL, PL/I, JCL, SQL, SAS. 







Skillsoft | Mindleaders, Dublin, OH                                                                                       July ’10 – Dec   ’12

 

Sr.  Lead Java J2EE developer                                                                              

Project:  Talent Development Software Platforms (used by over 2 million learners)


Description:  http://www.skillsoft.com/ Talent Development Software Platform Solution combines E-learning resources and content with learning and performance management into a single, easy-to-implement platform that will drive the development of employees and the company in the same direction together.



Responsibilities:

Developed multiple GWT (Google Web Toolkit) Web application (from client to server).

Developed processes and procedures to better improve software development lifecycle (e.g., bug/feature tracking, software versioning, automated/continuous builds, information accessibility)Track customers' open credits and deposits.

Coded and implemented PL/SQL packages to perform Application Security and batch job scheduling.

Contributed to front-end development on a Spring-based, multi-tiered web applications

Installed, configured, and maintained a continuous integration (build) server.

Developed Integer and Date JSF components to support user entry of integer and date (month/day/year) values with internationalization. Wrote the Java classes for the components, tags, and renderers. Also wrote the JavaScript code to do client-side validation in all major browsers.

Developed several pieces of the JSF engine, including bean discovery, value bindings, method bindings, component bindings, and event generation. 

Re-wrote several pieces to make them compliant with the emerging JSF standard.

Mentor and educate team members in design and coding best practices in individual and group settings.

Environment:  Eclipse Helios, Java 1.6.x, JEE 1.5, JSTL, JPA, JAXP, JAXB, Spring framework, Spring MVC, Hibernate, PL/SQL, J Query, Junit, AJAX, Tomcat.



State of Ohio - Department of Job & Family Services (ODJFS) Columbus, OH                   March ‘08 – July ’10

Sr.  Java J2EE developer 

Project: Ohio Means Jobs (OMJ)

Description:  https://jobseeker.ohiomeansjobs.monster.com/ help you find your new job or help you hire needed talent.



Responsibilities:

		Responsible for Agile design, development, Integration, deployment and deliverable of Department of Job & Family services website project.

		Designs and develops cross-plane business objects and domain objects with Object Relational Mapping Framework such as Hibernate/JPA.

		Designs and develops cross-plane service business process and data access to Oracle database and back-plane layers with JAXB, and XML.

		Wrote PL/SQL packages to calculate Missing Information and Determining Eligibility in the processing of a Job & Family Services Families Application.

		Developed JSF components to provide clean and strict generated HTML markup to ease designer's CSS work.

		Re-factors tight-coupled Java code by applying Java Design Patterns and Java best practices for performance, better maintenance and code readability.

		Analyzes, troubleshoots and fix defects in the cross-plane service components.

		Unit-tests cross-plane service components with JUnit.

		Writes Maven build script to compile Java codes and create service module packages.

		Performed code review and mentored Java developers in code implementation to adhere coding standard and best practices. 

		Provided technical support on issues arise after deployment to Production.

		Wrote report analysis on design, deployment plan, and performance issues.

		Mentor and educate team members in design and coding best practices in individual and group settings.

Environment:  RAD 7.3.5, Java 1.6.x, Groovy, EJB 3.0, JEE 1.5 (JSF, Servlet, JSTL, JPA, JAXP, JAXB), Spring framework, Spring MVC, Hibernate, PL/SQL, AJAX, JUnit, Dimensions, Tomcat.





OCLC (Online Computer Library Center) Dublin, OH 	                                                      Nov ’07 – Feb ’08

Sr.  Lead Java J2EE architect/developer/Project Management (Consultant)



Description:  http://www.oclc.org/us/en/default.htm help you find your job or help you hire needed talent.



Responsibilities:

Extensively involved in business requirement, analysis, code, design reviews, development, testing and deployment of web services, and testing of the application.

Allow finance charge rates to be assigned on a customer by customer basis or allows you to use system defaults

Provide both balance forward and open item statement formats on a customer by customer basis with optional aging information

Online Accounts Receivable system application provides transactional capability, where the customers (retailer/supplier) could manage (create/edit/update) client’s information. WLSAD is driven by the choice of the web application framework Jakarta Struts, the Web Gain Top Link persistence model, and J2EE technologies.

Evaluated proposed Java technology architecture and made recommendations to increase performance and security.

Identified client requirements, develops test schedules, reviews testing plans and tracks and documents the development and results of these plans. 

Evaluates business requirements for enterprise OCLC Label applications integration and service activation, while delivering new or modified software systems enhancements and/or integration solutions.

Implemented the web services and associated business modules integration.

Developed persistence layer for the web services and integrated modules.

Developed client modules for the SOA integration, and implementation of best-practices methods for development of re-usable SOA components within an enterprise development environment

Wrote and run test cases and modules for load testing scenarios



Environment:  RAD 7.3.5, Java 1.6.x, Groovy, JEE 1.5 (JSF, Servlet, JSTL, JPA, JAXP, JAXB), Spring framework, Spring MVC, Hibernate, AJAX, JUnit, Dimensions, Tomcat.









Nationwide Insurance, Columbus, OH                                                                           March ’05 – October ’07

Sr.  Lead Java J2EE developer/Quality Assurance Lead 



Description:  http://www.nationwide.com/cps/nf-awe-home.htm   offers an inclusive lineup of competitive retirement products with flexible options and riders to meet your customers' diverse needs.



Responsibilities:

Adapted Core J2EE design patterns (Data Access Object, Intercepting Filter, Business Delegate, Service Locator, Session Fade, Value Object etc.)

Written unit tests using JUnit framework and Logging is done using Log4J framework.

Used Oracle TopLink as O-R mapping tool.

Written deployment descriptors for WebSphere and JBoss as well.

Developed SQL queries, Store Procedures and Functions in Oracle

Developed Java utility components to handle common functions like date conversion, exceptions

Designed and configured automated build systems using CruiseControl, and Ant. The most recent system created builds every few hours, and also allowed for easy on-demand builds for the latest code, as well as builds for any existing tagged versions in our source control repository.

Developed the presentation layer in Java Server Pages (JSP) and Java Beans

Led efforts to define User Interface Design and Development Process; modified national RUP software.

 

Environment: WebSphere Application Server 5.1, WSAD 5.1.2,  JUNIT, J2EE 1.3, EJB 2.0, Servlet 2.1/2.2, JSP 1.1, JSTL 1.1, CVS, Subversion, and Cruise Control JSF, STRUTS 1.2, JavaScript, DB2 v 8.0, SQL,  Subversion, Cruise Control, IBM MQSeries5.2, JMS, XML, XSL, Tomcat, UML 1.5, RUP, HP-UNIX, Windows XP.





Honda of America, Marysville, Ohio    				                                 June ’01 – February ’05

Sr. Lead Java/J2EE Developer/Architect/Support  (Consultant)



Responsibilities:

Project to develop and manage multiple Intranet websites of Honda of America.  Responsibilities included designing, coding, enhancements, testing with Java, Java Beans, JSP, JSTL, Struts, and Java Script, to support web applications as follows:

PDDA (Process Data Development & Analysis):  A J2EE Java application designed to capture the data around a specific methodology whereby an automobile-built process are studied in terms of a series of motions and the time associated with the motions is recorded. This methodology is primarily used to aid in establishing manpower requirements, but may also be used as a tool to determine the ergonomic impact of the various motions associated perform.  

RCM (Returnable Container Management): A J2EE Java portal application, designed to help you quickly manage, monitor, and move container inventory at a local or global level with the RCM System, Honda can reduce costs by quickly correcting allocations when required by changes in production.

PQTS (Parts Quality Tracking System): A J2EE Java portal application that provides an electronic tool for tracking part issues and to build Supplier history. Generate reporting on specific part issues (Honda Trouble Report) and summarize trouble reports monthly. 

IH (Industrial Hygiene): A J2EE Java application designed to increase Honda of America's ability to proactively identify and manage exposure risks to ensure the health and well-being of HAM Associates. By creating relationships between: company policy and procedure, sampling strategy, quality data collection, and record retention



Environment: WebSphere Application Server 5.1, WSAD 5.1.2, WebSphere Commerce V6, WebSphere Portal Server 5.0.2, JDK 1.4, J2EE 1.3, EJB 2.0, Servlet 2.1/2.2, JSP 1.1, JSTL 1.1,STRUTS 1.2, JavaScript, DB2 v 8.0, SQL, IBM MQSeries5.2, JMS, XML, XSL, Tomcat, UML1.5, RUP, Windows XP.







Square D Company, Cincinnati, OH 					                             September ’99 – June ’01                                    

Sr.  Software Engineer (Consultant)



Description:  This project included the development of components using core Java.  These components were based on the component object model of Java, which included development of front end using Java Swing classes.  



Responsibilities:

	Responsible for the development of the Square D/ Schneider Electric E-Way Web site and the expansion of electronic data interchange offerings, which use the Internet to link customers, suppliers and distributors to Square D's operational systems.

	Created a catalog customers can access from Square D's Web site. 



Environment: Java 1.1.6, Borland JBuilder 2.0, Visual Age for Java 2.0, Enterprise JavaBeans, Oracle 7.x, Java Web Server and Windows NT 4.0.





Century Link | Century Link, Columbus, OH 			                          August ’97 – September ’99                      Software Engineer (Consultant)



Responsibilities:

	Responsible for design and development for facility and equipment systems using PowerBuilder 7.0 for various projects related to the Telecommunication Industry, such as: *Application Life Cycle: Design, development and groundwork, i.e. database creation, library creation, application creation, base class libraries, user objects, ancestor windows, dataflow diagrams and structure charts.  *Base Class Libraries: User objects, ancestor windows, dataflow diagrams and structure charts.  *Application: Dynamic Data Windows creation, external data, drag and drop, MDI windows, child windows, embedded SQL, dynamic SQL, data pipelines, menu creation, coding, debugging and stored procedures and triggers.

	Developed prototype by taking all the user interface elements used in the final application, maintenance, etc. and establishing version control using PVCS and automated testing tools like Microsoft Test to verify systemic test of PowerBuilder final application.

	Re-engineered existing application to provide an optimized and user-friendly interface. 



Environment: Dell Pentiums, PowerBuilder 7.0, Windows NT 4.0, UNIX and Windows 97





CSC (Computer Sciences Corporation) Dayton, Ohio  		                          September ’94 – August ’97

Software Developer I/II (Consultant)



Description:  Department of Defense (DOD) project for Wright-Patterson Air force base.



Responsibilities:

	Installed, created, defined, modified and tuned Oracle applications using Forms 4.5 and Reports 2.5.

	Designed and created tables according to logical models using Designer/2000.

	Administered Oracle database security.

	Formulated physical database design and participate in database loading, unloading, backups, restores and disaster planning.

	Built loaded data and physically implemented the Integrated Database by performing data systems analysis to determine requirements and structured design implementation.

	Populated databases for test and training environments and created data views and maintenance with query routines using PL/SQL.

	Coded, tested and debugged application models using SQL*Plus, SQL*Forms, SQL*Plan and SQL*Report Writer.



Environment: Dell Pentium, Windows NT, Windows 95, Oracle 7.x, UNIX -Solaris 2.4 and Sun SPARC 1000.







References

Available upon request









9\n
Zijing (Judy) Zhang
6154 Springhill Terrace, Apt 305

Greenbelt, MD 20770

1-508-826-0995 zijing.zhang@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION:
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Business，Focus Area: Information System, GPA 3.83/4.00, GMAT: 750

December 2017

Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI), Worcester, MA
Master of Science in Marketing and Technological Innovation, GPA: 3.80/4.00

May 2016

Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (SHUFE), Shanghai, China
Bachelor of Management in International Business, GPA: 3.41/4.00

June 2014

Technical Skills:
Tools: SPSS, NVivo, Tobii, Qualtrics, MySQL, MS SQL Suite, @Risk, StatTools, Precision Tree
EXPERIENCE:
Teaching Assistant, Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland
January 2017- Present
 Helped 49 supply chain master students and 35 EMBA students with data modeling concepts and implementation,
improved student overall performance by making demonstration videos and notes
 Developed models using Excel Pivot, @Risk, StatTools, Precision Tree to solve optimization and prediction problems
 Created performance reports to professors and provided potential solution on enhancing student performance

Track Representative, Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland
January 2017- Present
 Represented 60 MS Information System students to reach out to different faculties and staffs, discussed the issues
regarding course registration, career service and more
 Participated the arrangement of the Town Hall which included seven professors, one staff and 30+ students, solved
students’ questions and concerns on internship seeking process
Research Assistant, User Experience and Decision Making Lab, School of Business, WPI
September 2014- May 2016
 Directed a team of five and enhanced user experience of website by conducting qualitative analysis on usability test,
landing page test and content management.
 Led a team of four research assistants to perform market research on consumer perception of product expiration date in
three product categories using Tobii (eye-tracking device) and Qualtrics.
 Collaborated with three analysts to analyze 30+ internal staff survey on internal website layout and content of a company
with SPSS; presented recommendations provided on website content changes and UI enhancement.
 Developed report on application of eye-tracking technology in marketing for two professors; identified possible
experiments design deploying Tobii to solve research questions.
 Managed a team of nine research assistant to collaborate with multiple research teams; assisted different research teams
to conduct 15+ independent experiments.
Volunteer Research Assistant, Department of Marketing, SHUFE
August 2012-April 2014
 Designed five questionnaires for TAYOHYA, China to improve stores customer service, layout, and management
effectiveness.
 Advised a research team of 12 students in a field study to visited 60 stores of TAYOHYA, China; administrated and
collected 200+ valid questionnaires from consumers and sales representatives.
 Interviewed seven senior managers of TAYOHYA, China on management effectiveness; executed internal research
based on interviews.
 Analyzed results of 200+ surveys from consumers, sales staff and management utilizing SPSS and Excel; recommended
strategic changes on internal management to leadership team.
 Improved stores design layout enhancing customer traffic by 30% and store visits by 25% by observing and studying instore behavior of 100+ consumers.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Language
Mandarin, English

\n
Maksym Mykhailov

Location: 33009, Hallandale Beach, FL

Mobile 786-650-5153

Email testqamax@gmail.com

SOFTWARE QA TESTER

PROFILE:



2+ years of hands on experience in web, mobile and windows based applications testing

Proficient in Manual and Automation testing

Experienced with Software development life cycle, knowledge of Agile, Waterfall models

Good grasp of Software Testing Methodologies

Develop test documentation: test plans, test suites, test cases, test matrices

Keep track of new requirements with further changes of information in the test cases

Report found bugs, monitor them by using bug tracking system, help resolving the issues providing detailed description of an issue, attaching screenshots, log files

Monitor resolution status of bugs in bug tracking system

Perform Functional, Exploratory, Regression, Acceptance, Performance, Platform Compatibility, Build verification, Integration, GUI, Usability testing

Passionate about Software Quality

Good team player with clear understanding what to do when need to work individually

Learning new materials Software Testing regarding quick and with a big pleasure

Languages: English, Russian, Ukrainian

US employment authorized



TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Database:			MySQL

Platforms:			Windows 10/8/7, Mac OS X, Linux 

Mobile Platforms:		iOS, Android, Windows Mobile

Programming:			HTML, Python, SQL

Networking:			HTTP, TCP/IP, VPN, Internet, Intranet, LAN/WAN

Test Automation:		Selenium Webdriver

Virtualization:			VMWare, VirtualBox

Android Emulator:		Genymotion

Bug Tracking Systems:		Bugzilla, Mantis, JIRA

Browsers:			Chrome, Firefox, MSIE, Safari, Opera

Web testing tools:		Firebug, Fiddler, Chrome dev. tools

Other:				MS Office





WORK EXPERIENCE:

04/15-04/17 Software QA Tester, ValleyTek Solutions, San Jose, CA



Project: tool for marketers where they can advance themselves by career ladder by using that web application, also they can find the job, show their projects online, describe their skills, export their profile from LinkedIn in the already exists profile:

Perform Performance testing, Exploratory, Regression, Functionality, Localization, Build verification testing in Agile environment

Help to ensure the app is compatible with the browsers Chrome, Firefox, MSIE, Opera, Safari 

Create Test Cases with detailed descriptions of actions needed to be done

Ensure that the product meets requirements

Writing bug reports using Bugzilla bug tracking system to raise the quality of the application 

Integrate the app with social media networks Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Pinterest

Implementing  GUI testing to provide the easiest and smartest way to manipulate the app

Verify the integrity of data utilizing query analyzer, executing SQL queries using My SQL

Using Apache JMeter to do performance testing

Perform root cause analysis of production issues

Providing feedback to individual team members regarding performance of the project

Interacting with developers for bug reviews, participate in QA meetings 





Project: The app helps people to create events and ridesharing on iOS and Android OS:

Perform exploratory, regression, localization, compatibility testing to ensure the application quality in Waterfall environment 

Track all the bugs using Bugzilla tracking system and generate detailed reports

Help to ensure the app to compatible with iOS and Android OS

Gather and clarify requirements from Business Analyst and analyze them

Maintain and update test documentation between releases

Do troubleshooting, diagnostic issues, finding solutions to solve the bug as soon as possible

Writing detailed Test Cases and execute following prerequisites and detailed instructions

Implement integration testing with social networks Facebook and Twitter

Participate in regular QA Team discussion and analyzing performed work

Implement compatibility testing using Android Virtual Device software Genymotion

Used Mobizen tool to project and record actions of testing on the screen of Android OS

Conducting Build acceptance testing to ensure that the app functions work properly

Providing log files to make bug reports more detailed and easy to reproduce 

Creating Traceability matrix based on Requirements and Test Cases

Involved in the development of a testing strategy





EDUCATION:

2015	Software Quality Assurance, Portnov Computer School, Los Altos, CA

2016	BS in Management, East Ukrainian National University, Ukraine\n
Daniel Andrew



Apex, NC 27539

daniel.andrew.jobs@gmail.com - (919) 917-8543



Having nearly 13 years of experience as Java EE Developer

Having exposure working on ORM framework like Hibernate and Testing Framework like Junit and Mockitto

Hands on experience in working with Spring modules which includes Spring MVC, Spring Rest, Spring Core

Hands on experience and conceptual understanding of Application Servers/Web Servers like JBoss,

Weblogic, WebSphere, Tomcat

Hands on experience on Design Patterns (Core J2EE patterns like Front Controller, Business Delegate,

Data Access Object, Creational Patterns like DI, Factory, Abstract Factory, Singleton, Structural Patterns like Adapter, Composite, Decorator, Facade and Behavioral Patterns like Chain of Responsibility, Command, Iterator, Observer Pattern)

Having hands on experience on RIA with GWT, GXT, SmartGWT, AngularJS

Having exposure to SDLC and Waterfall, Agile methodologies

Hands on experience in SDLC with Continuous Integration tools like Team City, Maven, SonarQube, JIRA, Jacoco, GIT Stash, Nexus

Hands on experience in writing SQL queries for Oracle, MySQL, MSSQL, DB2 and Postgres Databases

Hands on experience in creating lightweight Restful Service

Conceptual understanding of Caching solutions like HazelCast

Conceptual understanding of Microservices and Spring Boot

Strong communication and interpersonal skills

Having passion to learn new concepts and technologies

Taking ownership of the work and the ability to drive results



WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate

Deutsche Bank - Cary, NC - November 2014 to April 2017

Project: Static Data Hub

Description

Static Data Hub (SDH) is a Java based high throughput, low latency centralized web application to maintain

the static data from various systems, by being a golden source thereby eliminating data redundancy in Markets

Clearing.

Responsibilities

Creating UI layouts with GWT-GXT and making use of UIBinder for declarative UI layouts

Implementing the MVP pattern using Activity, Place and DI by GIN injector for deferred binding and GIN module

Creating custom Event Bus handlers for registering the UI components events

Configuring the GWT Remote Logger for logging to the remote server

Designing and Creating the Service and DAO layers using Spring configurations and annotations

Designing and Creating schemas to generate domain objects to transfer data from UI to Service layer

Creating transformers to translate between the Domain and the Entity objects

Using JPA and Hibernate to represent the Entity and persist in the Data Base

Integrating RESTful endpoints from the UI

Creating and Modifying the RESTful Endpoint Services with Spring Framework

Creating Junit for Service and DAO layers

Unit testing the Services with PostMan

Creating GWT Test case with GWTMockitto and GWTTestcase

Understanding and Implementing Deutsche Bank's standards for Authentication and Authorization by using

WEBSSO and DBEntitlements

Responsible for deploying to the WebLogic Servers

Responsible for Production Releases

Responsible for set up of SDLC in the team by implementing GIT Repository, Maven Build, Team City, Sonar, Crucible

Understanding the Micro Services Architecture to implement an independent, deployable, scalable RESTful

Services

Understanding Swagger definitions and Gherkins test case for the Web Services.

Working in team following 2 week Sprint

Environment

Java, XML, XSD, Weblogic, Web Service, Hibernate, GWT, JUnit, Maven, Mockitto, Spring, JSON

Java Consultant

I&I Software Inc - August 2011 to October 2014

Client: Various (NC DOR, NC OSBM, Ithaka, McKesson)

Responsibilities

Creating Class diagrams, Sequence Diagram for the Security Component

Developing the UI component with Spring JSP

Coding the client to make the Web Service call to NCID for Authentication and Authorization

Implementing the Service Layer classes using Core Spring framework for Dependency injection

Coding to interface (DAO and DAOImpl classes) using Hibernate framework to store the persistence data

into the database and to get access of the backend.

Creating JUnit test cases for DAO access

Creating Maven scripts for compiling, building the application.

Environment

Java, XML, XSD, SAML 2.0, Websphere, Web Service, Hibernate, Waterfall Methodology, JUnit, Maven

Software Engineer

Sensus Metering Systems Inc - Morrisville, NC - June 2010 to July 2011

Project: Flexnet

Description

Flexnet Service is an Advanced Metering Interface (AMI) product for utilities like the electricity, water and gas.

It has a two way Java engine that communicates to the meters via hardware called the Regional Network

Interface (RNI). The Java engine is triggered from the Perl scripts or through the SSO website that connects

to other applications which includes the Billing and the Meter Data Management Interface (MDMIF). The Java

Engine runs on ActiveMQ hosted on Tomcat and listens to a Topic JMS.

Responsibilities

Developing the front end using YUI library (widgets and AJAX calls), JSP with Struts tag embedded in it

Creating the Action classes as part of the controller

Creating the DAO classes for using in Hibernate and using annotations as well as mapping file for configuring.

Writing Junit test cases for testing the components.

Creating classes for mapping to XML with JAXB

Used Eclipse as the IDE for the J2EE development, debugging.

Developed JMS client and consumed messages (Topic and Queue) for asynchronous exchange of

information.

Writing SQL queries for various operations of data for Oracle, MSSQL.

Used Xpath as the query language for the selecting the nodes from the XML document.

Writing Maven scripts for compiling, building the application.

Customization and maintenance of code across the application.

Involving in the knowledge transfer and code review with all the developers

Providing tier 3 support for the production issues

Interacting with the clients for any production support as well as requirement gathering

Initiating the application build and promoting it to the QA using Hudson Continuous Integration tool

Part of the build team in implementing the build solutions for various patch releases.

Environment

Java, Servlet, JSP, ActiveMQ, JOSSO, Spring, Struts, Hibernate, YUI, XML, JAXB, Tomcat, Maven, Hudson,

Selenium, Linux, Windows, LDAP, Eclipse, MSSQL, Postgres, Oracle, SVN, JUnit, Agile Methodology

Dun and Bradstreet TransUnion Analytics and Decision Center, India

Asst. Manager

HLD and the LLD - March 2006 to May 2009

Responsibilities

Gathering the requirements from the functional team and preparing the detailed requirements in the SRS

Preparing Use Case Diagrams using Rational Rose and Amateras UML Plugin for Eclipse

Designing the software application for scalability and easy maintainability using UML and preparing the HLD

and the LLD

Preparing the Class and the Sequence Diagrams using Rational Rose and Amateras UML Plugin for Eclipse

Developing the Event Bus Framework (an event based framework), and the components using the standard

Java Design Patterns and the open source Java Framework Spring

Developing the front end client side UI using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and the server side components using

JSP. Extensively used EL and JSTL in the JSP. Developing the controller part of the MVC using Servlet.

Extensively used XML, XSD for configurations as well as to render the page. Developing MDB using JMS API

for asynchronous process

Writing SQL queries and using JDBC API for database operations for databases like Oracle, MySQL

Preparing Unit Test Cases for the components and testing the components using JUnit

Creating scripts for Compiling, Integrating and Building the application using the build tool Maven

Maintaining and Deploying the application in JBoss, Weblogic Application Servers based on the customer

needs.

Conducting comprehensive code-reviews for all product releases based on the Product Coding Standards /

Code Review checklists

Coordinating with the Implementation team onsite to setup the environment and install the application

Allocating the tasks and track and monitor them on a weekly basis to ensure on-time delivery. Managing

the project issues and risks. Responsible for estimation of projects using formal estimation techniques. Doing

project closure activities

Ensuring adherence to Product Standards. Ensuring compliance to DNB processes as defined in the Quality

Process Framework

Environment

Java, JSP, Servlet, Javamail, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, JMS, MDB, JDBC, JBoss, Weblogic, Oracle,

MySQL, DB2, MSSQL, Spring, Hibernate, Quartz, Xdoclet, Maven, UML, Windows, Linux, VSS, Junit, PL/

SQL, Eclipse, Maven, Ant

Associate Consultant

Polaris Software Lab Limited - IN - September 2003 to December 2005

Client: Various (Citibank, Shinsei Bank)

Responsibilities

Understanding and documenting the functional requirements for each release

Analyzing the impact of each requirements or functional enhancement on existing product. Preparing Program

specifications based on a complete analysis

Developing the front end UI using JSP. Developing the controller part of the MVC using Servlet. Developing

the components in Java implementing various Design Patterns. Writing SQL queries using JDBC API for

communicating to Oracle database. Coding the Session and Entity Beans.

Ensuring adherence to all Product development standards in all code

Helping the team in all technical issues

Conducting comprehensive code-reviews for all releases based on the Coding Standards / Code Review

checklists

Environment

Java, JSP, Servlet, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, EJB, JDBC, Weblogic, Oracle, Windows, UNIX, PL/SQL,

Pro*C, Netbeans

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics

Karunya Institute of Technology, Bharathiar University - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu\n
TANVI SHAH

              8125, 48th Ave, Apt #221, College Park, MD;   224-805-9275;   tanvi.shah@rhsmith.umd.edu;   https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanvishah2015

EDUCATION

	Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD  		                                                          December 2016

Master of Science, Focus Area: Information Systems         GPA: 3.45

Business Process Analysis for Information Systems, Project Management, Management Information Systems, Database Management Systems, Managing Digital Business Markets, Strategic and Transformational IT, Big Data, Data Models and Decision Making, Decision Analytics, Data Mining and Predictive Analysis.

Vice President of Career Development : ASCEND – NAAMBA (University of Maryland Chapter)

Student Ambassador : Smith Master Student Association (SMSA)



K.J. Somaiya College of Engineering (KJSCE), Mumbai University, Mumbai, India       		                                                                2009-2013

Bachelor of Engineering, Major: Computer Science

Treasurer : Students’ Council, KJSCE



SOFTWARE SKILLS

Language skills: Microsoft SQL, R, C++, Java. Word PowerPoint

Database and Tools: Excel, Big Data, Visio, MS Project, Tableau, TIBCO BusinessWorks, CA Clarity Project Portfolio Management, SharePoint, TIBCO Jaspersoft.

Interests: Data Mining, Requirement Analysis, Project Management, Google Analytics, Business Analysis, Agile Methodology, Data modelling, Consultant, Strategy development, Data Visualization.



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Avis Budget Group, Parsippany, New Jersey, USA                                                                                                                                                              2016

IT Project Management Intern

Learned and contributed to CA Project /Portfolio Management tool Resource Management Implementation, Project Management Training, and Reporting. Worked on the technical and functional aspects of CA Clarity.

Function as a Clarity Administrator to modify files on server and XOG in portlets, processes and setup automated jobs that affect all projects in the IT department reducing the effort by 40%.

Assisted with design and Development technical, test plans, and end user training documents.

Interacted with Project Managers and Vice Presidents within Avis Budget Group and functioned as a Project Management Organization Analyst; Contributed to Project Administration Activities.

Maintained SharePoint team collaboration workspace. Created and edited documentation libraries and team sites to reduce errors by 30%.

Learned and performed SharePoint Workflow development, and SharePoint development to create new sites.

Responsible for creating the agenda and preparing for executive meetings. Distributed mass communications among the global members of the company. Participated in IT status meetings, publish meeting minutes and track action items. 

Attended trainings for TIBCO Jaspersoft and Project Portfolio Management to help in creating high-level status reports for the senior management, helping them identify the health of the Project based on CPI and SPI and various metrics.



Accenture Services Private Limited, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India                                   	                                                                                    2013-2015

Associate Software Engineer

Pioneered agile development approach as a TIBCO BusinessWorks developer to build three services: credit check, cell phone number allocation, cell phone plans and contracts.

Analysed and debugged high priority TIBCO defects in multiple testing environments as part of two members defect fix team thereby revamped quality of code by 40%.

Finished Accenture Retail Industry Generalist Certification to grasp Retail Industry and understand client better, boosting throughput by 20%.

Co-ordinated with DevOps team, Java builds team and test team to make improvements in code reducing defect rate by 20%.

Designed two API documents and made changes in the Software Design Description documents as guided by onshore team and client.

Reported improvements and gaps in software leading to development of new workflows in existing code.



 RELEVANT PROJECTS

 

 Improvement/Enhancement of a website using Agile (Scrum) methodology:  Product Owner

As part of the Business Process Analysis course worked for an external client (Doctor’s Community Hospital) using the SCRUM methodology to improve the website for a healthcare program.

Worked with the client to gather requirements, understand the intended functionality, co-ordinate with the Scrum team and scrum master, improve the business value of the product, prioritize user stories on the product backlog, backlog grooming for sprints , Requirement clarification , participated in sprint planning meetings , sprint reviews with the stakeholders and sprint retrospective meetings.



 Database Management Systems: Bio-medical Waste Management System

The focus was to develop a centralized biomedical waste management system where the administrator of the generator can log in and track the bio-waste from the point of generation up to disposal. 

The complete database and a mobile application were created on Salesforce platform for the project.



 Analysing CDC Death Records datasets using Big Data technologies

The project involves analysis and visualization of dataset containing the Death records in the USA for the year 2014 released by CDC using following technologies: Hive, PIG, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Spark, and Tableau.



 Data Mining and Predictive Analytics - Yummly Kaggle Dataset

Handled huge volumes of classic text mining data comprising 1900+ ingredients, 30,000+ dishes to predict type of cuisine. 

Performed Logistic regression, Classification trees, Random Forest, SVM , Neural Networks, KNN to determine accuracies of predictions.


 Firm Analysis for Mapbox

Analysed business strategy of Mapbox and identified core competencies by performing evaluating against Porter's five force model.

Performed market research, data analysis, product recommendations to identify competitor strategies and analysed target audience's needs.\n
Richard Charles Robinson

1678 Beaver Trail Drive

Cordova TN.   38016

(901) 315-5278 

Email rock4838@gmail.com







Job Objective: 	To secure a responsible and challenging position with a growth oriented company where my talent and knowledge will significantly contribute to the company's future growth and profitability.



Experience



Fedex Freight , part-time Memphis, TN.

Inventory Control  Clerk dock 

03/14-Present

Responsibilities

Perform freight handling using appropriate motorized and manual equipment, including but not limited to: forklift, pallet jack and hand truck.

 Verify documentation matches freight description (e.g. type, weight, hazardous materials), using current electronic or manual system.

 Secure freight inside trailers using appropriate tools and supplies (e.g. pallets, straps, rope).

 Recoup/repair damaged freight when necessary. Verify and complete required documentation and reports.

 Assist customers with freight and freight documentation as needed
 Comply with all applicable laws/regulations, as well as company policies/procedures.



Adecco -ATT-UVERSE, Memphis, TN.

Inventory Control Specialist  

01/13-3/15



Responsibilities:



Planed layout of stockroom, warehouse, and other storage areas, considering turnover, size, weight, and related factors of items stored.

Daily ongoing care and preservation of items received, stored, and shipped; methods and use of equipment in handling, storing, maintaining, and shipping stock; and related problems.

Studied records and recommend remedial actions for reported non usable, slow moving, and excess stock perform cycle counts daily.

Reviewed records for accuracy of information and compliance with established procedures, and determined adequacy of stock levels.

Scheduled work for special and periodic inventories.

Cont-







RYDER ATT-UVERSE logistics Memphis, TN,

 Inventory Control Manager

 08/08 –12/12   



Responsibilities:

Reviewed records for accuracy of information and compliance with established procedures, and to determine adequacy of stock levels.

Schedules work for special and periodic inventories.

Traced the history of items to determine reasons for discrepancies between inventory and stock control records and recommends remedial actions to resolve discrepancies

Determined work procedures, prepares work schedules, and expedites workflow

Issues written and oral instructions

Assigns duties and examines work for exactness, neatness, and conformance to policies and ISO 9002 procedures.

Studies and standardizes procedures to improve efficiency of subordinates

Coordinate with other departments within the company



BPI INC Memphis, TN

Inventory Control Specialist  

11/03 –08/08



Responsibilities:

Managed production performance, 40 employees Order pullers, loaders and stockers, and safety requirements. Experience in ISO 9001:2000

Ensured communication levels stayed open between all employees, management and staff, order pullers, loaders and stockers.

Prioritized and recommended cost reductions where possible ability to become hands on if necessary. Developed training programs to increase efficiency

Planned and coordinate production requirements with all department supervisors across all shifts. 

Process analysis – time and motion, workflow and resource flow.

Education

Forrest City High School, Forrest City, Arkansas

Graduation May 1986

Attended the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff, Pine Bluff, AR.

Senior, Industrial Technology; Supply Chain Management.

A+ Certification course forklift certification 2015 

2013 - Currently seeking online degree, Strayer University, Bachelor of Science in Information Technology, Concentration in Cyber Security Technology

Skills:

Operating DOS, 4-Dos, MS-Windows NT, OS/2, Win95, 98 ME, XP, WIN 7,WIN 8,WIN 10, 2000 Systems Network , SAP, WMS, FEDEX UPS Linksys Vantive, WMS Systems AS400 PEOPLESOFT, VISTA, EXCEL WORD, POWERPOINT, Oracle



References 	AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST\n
Sushmitha s                                                                                                           Email: ssuhmitha@gmail.com

Phone: 562-444-5078



Professional Summary



	5+ years of experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) with nice blend of expertise and leadership, be it requirements gathering, analysis (OOA), prototyping, design (OOD), development (OOP) or maintenance and testing of client-server applications.

	Strong experience in designing and developing component based reusable GUI based applications.

	Strong experience in Full Stack Web technologies like Core Java, J2EE, MVC Architecture (Struts and spring), Servlets, Swing, Hibernate, my batis, EJB, JBOSS, JMS, MQ Series, AJAX, J Query, JSF, Web services(REST and SOAP), Java Script, JSP, JSON, J Query, JDBC, HTML, DHTML, CSS.

	Hands on experience using IDEs like Eclipse (RCP), Rational Application Developer (RAD), and Web sphere Studio Application Developer, Rational Software Architect (RSA).

		Extensively worked on relational databases like Sybase, DB2, MS SQL Server, Oracle 9i and My SQL.

		Worked on E-commerce backbends using Java.

		Good knowledge in Java and EJB Design Patterns.

		Experience in writing Stored Procedures, functions, SQL queries and backend programming using Oracle, SQL.

		Hands on experience with Core Java with multithreading, Concurrency, Exception Handling, File handling, IO, Generics, Data structures and Collections, Garbage Collection.

		Developed design patterns such as MVC, Singleton, DAO, DTO, Factory, and Abstract Factory implemented in Controller layer, Service Layer, DAO layer. 

	Experience in developing applications involving Agile, Test Driven Development methodology using Apache Continuum and Emma (Test coverage tool) and SCRUM methodologies.

	Strong analytical and problem solving skills and a proven ability to be an effective team player with excellent time management skills.



	Technical Skills:

	

Languages

Java, J2EE, SQL,  PL/SQL

Operating Systems

Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7/8/8.1, Sun Solaris, Linux, Unix (AIX)

Java Technologies

JSF, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, Swing, JDBC, JMS,  MDB, JNDI, RMI, Web Services, REST , Design Patterns, JAVA Beans, Apache Camel

Web/App Server

Tomcat 5.5/6.0, Web Logic 7.0/8.1/9.2/10.0, Web sphere 4.0/5.0/6.1/7.0/8.0, J Boss 4.3.2, IIS, MQ Series

Frameworks & IDE Tools

Struts, GWT, JSF 1.1/1.2/2.0, JSF, Spring, Hibernate 3.0, Junit, ANT, AJAX, Log4J, Eclipse, WSAD 5.1,RAD 6.0/7.0,CVS, Rational Clear Case, TOAD

Web-Development Technologies

HTML, CSS, AJAX, Java Script, DHTML, DHTML, JSP, JQuery UI, XML, XSD, XSLT, DTD, DOM, LDAP, XSL, SAX, Agile Methodology, Servlets,  JSTL (Tag Libraries).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Client: Verizon Wireless Communication                                                           Oct 2015 – Till Date Role: JAVA/J2EE Developer

Responsibilities:

	Involved in Requirement Analysis and Technical Design meetings and have created Technical Design Documents as per the Business Requirements.

	Have a good experience with client side GWT logging framework.

	Instructed and modeled core Agile principles of collaboration, prioritization, team accountability and visibility; ensured consistent application of scrum methodologies across the enterprise

	Refactored, re-architected, and enhanced an existing Angular JS application to follow strict MVVM/MVC patterns.

Developed an Angular JS workflow manager leveraging Angular-UI's state router for flexible configuration and management of multi-step user input flows.

	Used J Unit, Mocktio and Power Mocks framework for unit testing of application and implemented Test Driven Development (TDD) methodology.

	Strong technical knowledge in J boss Application server implementation, support, workload management and performance tuning including Web server setup configuration with Jboss App Server.

	Involved in consuming, producing Restful web services using JAX-RS.

	Developed JavaScript libraries for error handling, Input validation and Event Handling.

	Extensively worked with Java, spring, Hibernate, Struts, and MVC Frameworks.

	Worked extensively with AJAX which loads part of the page dynamically and used JavaScript to parse DOM XML object returned by the Ajax.

	Wrote SQL queries and Stored Procedures for Data Access Objects (DAO).

	 Designed and developed screens in HTML, JSP with client side validations using JavaScript.

	Experience debugging and scaling production Node applications.

	Extensively Worked with Java Script third party languages like J Query, Mustache, Bootstrap, C3.JS, D3.JS and JQ Grid.

	Worked closed with the QA Team for testing and resolve defects.

	Involved in code and performance reviews of the code.



Environment: Core JAVA, JDK 1.7/1.6/1.5, GWT,J2EE, Apache, REST Web Services, Ajax, EJB, Spring, Hibernate (ORM), Struts, TIBCO, UNIX, J boss, JDBC, JavaScript, JSP,HTML5, CSS3, JSF 2.0, JMS, Active MQ, Angular JS,GIT, SQL and Oracle 11g.

	

Client: Molina Healthcare, long beach                                                                              Jan 14-Sep15                               Role: J2EE Developer

Responsibilities:



Developed technical specifications for various back end modules from business requirements and specifications are done according to standard specification formats.

Developed an AngularJS workflow manager leveraging Angular-UI's state router for flexible configuration and management of multi-step user input flows.

Designed REST APIs that allow sophisticated, effective and low cost application integration.

Refactored existing project to make it more RESTful and thread-safe.

Deployed web and enterprise applications on Jboss application server.

Converted data sources from web logic to Jboss.

Developing Ant and Maven scripts to automate the compilation, deployment and testing of Web and J2EE applications to the above platforms.

Wrote JUnit test cases for unit, integration, and functional tests, run automatically by Hudson/Jenkins in the builds triggered by each push to Git.

Strong Knowledge working with MQ Series and JMS.

Use Spring ORM to store JMS consumed messages into database.

Provided estimation using internal estimation tool for the client requirements.

Designed the front end screens using HTML, Java Script and Servlets.

Analyze Cassandra database and compare it with other open-source No SQL databases to find which one of them better suites the current requirement.

Conducted Unit testing and Integration testing before pushing code into testing.

Developed stored procedures and prepared statements for updating and accessing data from database.

Implemented REST based Web Services for retrieving the authorization information for user account from the interfacing User Profile application.

Implemented Client Side validation using Java Scripts.



Environment:  Core Java, J2EE, Angular JS,J2EE, SQL, Servlets , Struts, Unix, EJB,  JDBC, JMS, GWT, HTML5, JavaScript, DB2, RCP, Jboss, REST Web Services, Eclipse, TIBCO, Apache Camel, Active MQ,  Android, SQL, Web sphere Portal.



Shore Info Tech Private Limited - Hyderabad India		                            Jan2013 – Dec 2013

	Role: Java web developer

Responsibilities:

Coordinated with team members in gathering system requirements and specifications required for the redesign.

Designed and developed the Application based on Model-View-Controller architecture.

Involved in analysis, design, Coding and development, Implementation phase of the modules.

Created external XML documents.

	Worked on JAVA J2EE team and designing DAO interface and implementation.

Involved in Bug Fixing (Debugging) of the application.

Involved in Developing User Interfaces using HTML and JSP's.

Developed and published web-services using WSDL, SOAP and XML, JAXB.

Implemented Web-Services to integrate between different applications (internal and third party components using SOAP and RESTFUL services).

Developed web pages with JSP and Servlets using HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, and XML.

Used Apache Ant as the software build tool.

Used Apache Maven for the over-all software project management.



Environment: Core Java, J2EE, HTML, MVC, JavaScript, JSP, Servlets, SOAP, WSDL, spring, CSS, UML, XML, HTTP, Eclipse, MVC, AJAX, Apache Maven.



	Inforlinx Solutions Private Limited - Hyderabad, INDIA				Jan2012–Dec2012

	Role: Jr Java Developer		

Responsibilities:

Developed a website where user can login and enter their personal information.

Designed tables in the database to store the user data gathered from the online forms.

User data is stored in Database and available when the user log’s in again and can modify the data.

Created Queues for each specific type of certificate.

Developed a communication between the local databases with the central database to validate the credibility of the applicant.

Creating and maintaining databases which include configuration, query optimization and de-normalization.

Environment: HTML, Java, SQL.\n
Yikai Xu
11338 Berger Terrace
Potomac, MD 20854
xuyikai95@gmail.com
(301) 825-4566
PROFILE
I’m a student at the University of Maryland studying Economics and Computer Science. I’m
experienced in research and analysis in different settings and excel in both group and individual
work environments. I have a strong interest in a management or financial consulting career and
am looking to expand my knowledge in the business fields.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Economics, University of Maryland (UMD)
Minor in Computer Science
Expected Graduation: May 2017
WORK EXPERIENCE
Employer Assurance Solution (Broker)
•
•
•

Researched local businesses using Google and LinkedIn.
Cold-called/emailed key employees to inform them of our product and set up in person
meetings to discuss it.
Accompanied supervisor to gain first-hand experience of the sale.

Green and Healthy Homes Initiative (Research Associate)
•
•
•

May – August 2015

Worked with a team at Johns Hopkins to aggregate data and resources for in-need
families in Maryland.
Extensively used Microsoft Excel to organize and analyze the data.
Published our final findings to a website.

University of Maryland Bookstore (Sales Clerk)
•
•
•

May – July 2016

January – February 2015

Fulfilled online book orders (pulling, processing, packing) for university students.
Did a lot of alpha/numeric data entry for book titles, number, etc.
Developed experience using IBM’s cataloging system.

VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Shady Grove Adventist Hospital
•
•

Managed and sorted patient medical records and assembled medical portfolios for nurses.
Gained experience in a highly profession, incredibly high paced office environment.

Tzu Chi Foundation
•

~100 Hours

Tutored underprivileged elementary school students in English and math.

~50 Hours

\n
John   Pugh 
 

3208A   Oakland   Hall   College   Park,   MD   20742   |  (301)   956   3753   |  johndoug326@gmail.com 
 

EDUCATION   

 

University   of   Maryland:   A  James   Clark   School   of   Engineering                          C
  ollege   Park,   MD 
B.S.   Mechanical   Engineering                                                                Expected   Graduation   May   2019 
Dean’s   Scholarship                                                                                              Received   January   2015 
GPA:   3.14 
Virtus:   Living   and   Learning   Program   for   Engineers                                 Expected   Citation   May   2017 
● Promotes   community   among   first   and   second   year   engineering   students   and   provides   support 
for   academic   and   professional   success 

TECHNICAL   EXPERIENCE 
Over­Sand   Vehicle   Project,   Treasurer                                                                     College   Park,   MD 
Introduction   to   Engineering   Design                                                                              Sept   ­  Dec.   2015  
● Designed   and   constructed   an   autonomous   OSV   as   part   of   a  seven   person   team 
● Made   executive   decisions   regarding   materials   including   chassis   and   tank   treads 
● Reduced   spending   in   order   to   stay   below   $300   limit 
● Organized   and   presented   a  complete   bill   of   materials   list 
● Wrote   and   presented   a  30   page   final   design   report   to   a  board   of   5  engineering   professors 
 
Beam   Design   Project                                                                                                 C
  ollege   Park,   MD 
Mechanics   II                                                                                                                     Sept­Dec.   2016 
● Constructed   a  composite   wooden   I­beam   to   fail   close   to   1500   lb   load 
● Calculated   failure   of   1478   lb,   Tested   failure   of   1512   lb 
● Achieved   closest   calculated   failure   of   any   group 

LEADERSHIP 
JCC   of   Greater   Washington                                                                                           Rockville,   MD 
Inclusion   Counselor                                                                                            June   ­  Aug.   2014   ­  2015 
● Worked   one   on   one   with   a  camper   who   had   disabilities 
● Administered   tasks   to   camp   volunteers 
● Led   campers   safely   through   daily   events 
● Engaged   kids   to   give   them   a  positive   experience 
 
Asbury   Methodist   Village                                                                                         G
  aithersburg,   MD  
Volunteer   Activities   Assistant 
     June   2015   
● Guided   residents   through   transitions   between   activities 
● Fostered   respect   and   integrity   among   volunteers   towards   residents 

SKILLS 
● Creo   Parametric,   Autodesk   Inventor,   Solid   Works,   Arduino,   MATLAB,   Microsoft   Word, 
Powerpoint,   Excel 
 
 

\n
BIRINDER CHAHAL

The Colony, TX 75056  (678) 720-8870  birinder.chahal@yahoo.com

	



OBJECTIVE

Challenging employment as a Middleware Administrator in an organization where I can leverage my troubleshooting and support management skills to ensure delivery of high quality, customer and market focused services as well as provide maintenance and support for the applications and infrastructure.



PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

			Over 8 years of experience in Linux / WebLogic / Middleware System Administration 

Expert level skills in implementing High Availability Architectures: installing multiple middle tiers, configuring load balancing/Virtual IPs, adding middle tier instances to the Farm. Setting up Application Server Instance level and Container level Clustering

Worked with full life cycle responsibility in multi-tier, and distributed network-processing systems

		Good experience in performance monitoring & fine tuning, production and infrastructure support, data & process modeling, logical & physical design, backups & recovery procedures

		Extensive shell scripting knowledge in UNIX

		Good working knowledge of Version Control tools via: Visual Source Safe, SVN, Oracle’s Software Configuration Manager (SCM)

			Extensively used TOAD, SQL Developer and SQL Plus on daily basis for querying database tables

			Excellent verbal and written communication skills



SKILLS

			Operating Systems: 	Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6x/7x, CentOS 6/7, Windows 2003/2000/NT/XP

			App / Middleware: Oracle Web Logic 11g: SOA, OSB, Coherence, .Net Web Services, Apache, IIS

			Tools: Eclipse, SoATest, soapUI, Citrix Netscaler , Mercury Quality Center, Remedy, Samurai, Selenium,  AutoHotKey, Toad, SQL Plus, Oracle SQL Developer

			Languages / Scripting: C#, C++, Java, J2EE, UNIX Shell, Python, HTML, ANT, AHK

			Database: Couchbase 7, Oracle-11g/10i, MS-SQL, and PL/SQL

			Monitor: Wily Introscope and HP Business Service Manager



CERTIFICATIONS  

			Red Hat Certified Systems Administrator: Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 (Achieved: November 13, 2015 )

			Oracle Certified Associate: WebLogic Server 11g System Administrator (Achieved: July 1, 2012 )

			

			EXPERIENCE

			

			Securus Technologies							Dallas, TX

			Senior Software Engineer - Employee					                          2012-Current

	Experience in performance tuning on JVM’s version 1.6 and 1.7 

	Installing and configuring Oracle weblogic 11g node / 4 cluster production environment

	Creating WLST scripts to automate deployments and monitoring for weblogic

	Creating JDBC Data sources and tuning connection pool settings for optimum performance

				Performing regularly scheduled system level patching of WebLogic Severs 

	Upgrading JDBC connection to GRID links in Weblogic

	Developing and implementing technical strategies for Weblogic system tuning and performance enhancements 

	Implementing and setup of Couchbase 4.0 on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7

	Automating installation and monitoring for Couchbase server

	Building multiple Liferay 6.2, Tomcat 7.0, and Active MQ environments 

	Installing setup and configuring new environments for Apache and HAproxy

	Working on code migration from QA environment to Production

				Automating many administrative tasks using shell scripts and cron jobs

	Providing 24x7 support on rotating basis 

			

			Cox Communications							Atlanta, GA

			SOA/Middleware Administrator - Employee							2011-2012

	Installing and configuring Oracle SOA suite 11g (11.1.1.5) components: BPEL, Oracle Service Bus (OSB) Mediator, Rules Engine, and Coherence in a 12 node / 4 cluster production environment

	Configuring SOA Metadata Services (MDS) to use Oracle RAC database

	Creating JMS Servers, JMS Modules, SAF agents, Queues for channeling messages

	Utilizing work manager to prioritize server resource allocation to applications/components

Configured Node manager to automate startup of SOA services and to enable death detection and recovery

Upgrading Fusion services from version 11.1.1.3 to 11.1.1.5

Experienced in creating the following SOA components with JDeveloper: Adapters, Mediator, BPEL, Business Rules, and Human workflow

Installing and configuring Oracle Service Bus on Oracle WebLogic Server 10.3.5

SOA performance monitoring using Oracle Grid Control and Enterprise Manager Console

				Configuring JDBC adapter for Oracle and SQL Server and creating database aliases to connect applications

				Applied various patches to Weblogic 10.3.6.x

				Creating automated deployments scripts using WLST and shell scripts

				In-depth knowledge of Solaris and Linux environments from an application server support perspective

				Experience in analyzing  log files, Thread Dups, JVM Dumps, Exception Stack Traces

				Skilled in configuring JMS server connection factory and setting up persistence store 

				Creating and modifying different performance metrics using WLDF

				Automating weekly reports for measuring application performance and availability 

				Providing production support (24/7) and coordinating with the users to resolve any critical issues

Working in a diverse and geographically dispersed team of Integration developers, Architects and DBAs in designing and deploying SOA solutions for the client

			

			Cox Communications							Atlanta, GA

			Middleware Administrator - Employee							2009-2011

Installed and configured Oracle SOA suite 11g consisting of BPEL, Mediator, Rules Engine, and B2B in a 3 node production cluster

Created domains, managed servers and grouped them into different WebLogic domains

Configured Node manager to automate startup of SOA services and to enable death detection and recovery

Worked closely with Integration developers and Business Analysts in defining the security needs for Web Services

Created, Configured and Tested web service connectors from WSDL document to the remote server

Worked with Network team to configure Citrix Netscaler Load Balancers in front of SOA nodes

Coordinated with Firewall/security team to define necessary firewall rules

				Creating automated deployments scripts using Eclipse and ANT

Provided production support (24/7) and coordinated with developers, QA team, management and end users

	Involved in configuring the System for Reverse-Invoke, and troubleshooting the issues

				Extensively used TOAD, SQL Developer and SQL Plus for querying the database

			Working knowledge of Web Services security including SOAP and WSDL

	Built web service client to invoke business process for validating and troubleshooting production issues

	Responsible for deploying code to QA, UET, Load, and production environments

	Involved in supporting environments and resolving architecture issues

		Experience in creating SOAP load tests with SoATest

	Performed architectural reviews for projects and recommend scenarios to increase performance

	Resolved the work requests, deployment tickets and change requests created in Remedy

	Supported applications and resolved the issues involved with SOA Suite and WebLogic

	Performed code reviews while improving the performance of applications

			

Apex Systems											Atlanta, GA

			System Administrator - Contractor at Cox Communications					2008 -2009

		Supported, updated, configured and tuned  4 applications running on WebLogic 9.x environments

		Created and updated all configuration and JDBC connections to Oracle 10g/11g and MS SQL

		Configured Node Manager for Applications running on WebLogic

		Created Diagnostic Images using WebLogic Diagnostic framework (WLDF)

		Configured WebLogic connections to Apache Web Servers / Proxy Servers 

		Validating code fixes to applications deployed to the development, QA and production environments

		Provided 24/7 support on rotational basis

		

EDUCATION



Georgia State University                                                                                                                   Atlanta, GA

Bachelor of Business Administration, Computer Information Systems				2008



Relevant Classes: 

		Programming in C# I & II

		Database management System

		Computer Forensics

		Systems Analysis

		Programming in Java I & II

		Intro to Information Security 

		Systems Development Project

		Managing IT Projects

		

		Computer Information System Projects

Added and maintained module upgrades to initial CIS alumni website portal for Georgia State University

Coded in C# and Java to develop programs using MS Visual Studio

Experience creating EER diagrams, relational schemas, tables, reports, queries using SQL in Oracle database

Searched and produced computer forensic reports using EnCase software

		

			REFERENCES

			Available upon request\n
Mahesh T

Weblogic/SOA Admin, Oracle fusion Middleware Admin, OAM Admin, System Admin

						                           		           Phone: +16824076570						                                                      Email: soawlsadm31@gmail.com

	======================================================================================

	Experience Summary:

11+ years of IT experience in Administration and extensive experience with SOA Suite, Oracle WebLogic Server, and OSB Administration for Development, Stage, QA environments, Stage and Production.

More than 7 years of experience in Oracle Fusion middleware (SOA, BPEL, Mediator, Business Rules, Human Work Flow, OSB) Administration.

Hands on experience with Oracle WebLogic Application server 9.2, 10.x, 11g and 12c, Oracle SOA 10g, SOA11g/12C and OSB 11g/12c servers

Hands on experience with IDM, Oracle Identity Manager, Oracle Access Manager, Oracle Identity Directory, Oracle Unified Directory, OAAM and Oracle Virtual Directory (OVD). 

Proficient in installation, configuration and maintenance of F5, Apache, Oracle HTTP Server (OHS) and web gate servers. 

Installed and configured Oracle enterprise Manager (OEM12c) for alert monitoring purposes.

Hands on experience with OBIEE, OBIA products administration.

Hands on experience with JBOSS and Tomcat servers.

Hands on experience with JBoss Application server which including installing, customizing, and maintaining JBoss Enterprise Application Platform (EAP) systems (6.x, 7.x).

Hands on experience with Websphere Application server which including installing, customizing, and maintaining Websphere V 6.X and 7, 8.x.

Proficient in Installation, Configuration, Troubleshooting, Load Balancing, Clustering, Deploying Applications, and Performance Tuning.

Proficient in ANT scripting, WLST, PERL and shell scripting. 

Configured Node Manager and managed the server life cycles remotely.

Proficient in SSO configuration and user provisioning on IDM environments

Worked on day-to-day support for the NON-PROD environments and PROD environment such as operations and infrastructure support

Managing and Monitoring the JVM Performance by adjusting WebLogic heap size and garbage collection parameters. 

Building code using ANT/Maven Script and Deploy code into WebLogic, SOA and OSB environment.

Proficiency with Jenkins/ Hudson, or Bamboo (continuous integration)

Experience with SVN,  Perforce,  GIT/GITHub or Mercurial (source control)

Experience with issue tracking tool such as Snow now, Atlassian Jira, Assist tool, HP ALM and UET/Remedy.

Experience working in a Dev/Ops organization.

Solid experience in deploying the applications on multiple WebLogic Servers and maintaining Load balancing and high availability.

Broad experience in configuring and managing security realm for users and groups. And also configured customized security realm as per the business requirement.

Expert in Configuring WebLogic Plug-ins for Apache Web Server, Oracle HTTP Server and configured load balancing and fail-over solutions.

Supported a mission critical production environment by providing 24x7 diagnostics of issues reported via the radar and Espresso, monitoring a ticketing system and logged messages.

Experience in Java technologies like JAVA/J2EE, Java Web services, XML, UNIX Shell script, Oracle database.

Proficiency in Web Services – WSDL, SOAP, REST Well experience in using XML, XSLT, XSD, Xquery and XPath.

Working knowledge and experience with ETL/Data integration with Oracle Data Integrator (ODI).

Good exposure to Requirements gathering, Analysis, Design, Construction & Implementation of enterprise systems.

Establish and maintain effective working relationships with end-users.

Experienced in software methodologies like agile methodology and traditional software development life cycle

Experience in leading and managing team (onshore/offshore model) Effective presentation skills, team management, grooming new team members. Involved in Functional Analysis as well as Technical Development of cross-domain applications.

Team player with strong communication, interpersonal, analytical and problem solving skills 

Good customer/business interfacing experience. Have delivered multiple successful project releases and received customer and business appreciations.

Interacted with Operations team to get the environment refresh with an advance notification

Coordinating between other teams in day to day activity.

Sending daily/weekly status report to the coordinator.

Managing all deliverable like different project related documents, different versions of the code.

Keen at learning and adaptable to any kind of platform, new advanced technology.

	Technical Skill Sets:

Languages		: Java/J2EE, XML, C, C++, PL/SQL, SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, Perl,

Middleware	: Oracle WebLogic Server 9.x,10.x,11g FMW Infrastructure 12c, Oracle SOA  10g/11g and 12c, Oracle Service Bus 11g/12c, Oracle Access Management (OAM), Oracle Identity Manager (OIM), Oracle Identity Directory (OID), Oracle Virtual Directory (OVD),Oracle Unified Directory, Oracle HTTP Server 10g and 11g, Apache Tomcat Server, BI Publisher, OFSLL, ESG, Rabbit MQ, OBIEE,OBIA.

Messaging Technologies: Oracle JMS, Websphere MQ and TIBCO EMS

Web Technologies	:  JSP, Servlets, JDBC, JSON/XML, Java Web services.

Web/App servers	: Tomcat 5.x, 6.x, WebLogic 9.x, 10.x, 11g and 12c, Jboss EAP, Apache HTTP, Oracle HTTP Server and WebSphere Application Server 7.x/8.x and IBM HTTP Server 

Databases	: Oracle 9i/10g/11g/12c, DB2 and SQL Server 2000

Operating Systems	: UNIX, Red Hat Linux 5.x/6.x, AIX, Mac, Sun Solaris 8/10 and Windows

Tools	: JProbe, putty, Wily Introscope7.x/8.x, JMeter, SSH, TOAD, SQL Developer, Jenkins, Hudson, PMD, radar and Espresso, Hudson, Eclipse Memory Analyzer, SOAP UI

Scripting		: WLST, Ant, Maven, Shell Script, PERL, Jython, Python and Java Script

IDE tools		: Eclipse 3.x/ SVN, Perforce, GIT, ADE, JDeveloper

Cloud Computing Services: Oracle Cloud, VMware Cloud and AWS services

Automation Tools	: ATOM, Puppet, Ansible



	Education Qualifications:



Master of Computer Applications from University of Madras, Chennai, India.



	Trainings Attended:

Oracle WebLogic server 11g/12c Administration

Oracle SOA suite administration

Oracle Database 11g

	Professional Certificates:



SCJP 5.0 and SCWCD 1.5 

	Professional Experience:

Client		: T Mobile US, Inc. - Richardson, TX

Duration	: July 2016 – Till Date

Role		: Sr. Oracle SOA/WebLogic Administrator

Environment       : FMW Infrastructure 12c, Oracle SOA 12c(BPEL, Mediator, Business Rules, Human workflow, ESS), OSB 12c, OFSLL, Oracle Identity Manager, Oracle Access Manger, Oracle Unified directory, Oracle Cloud Linux VM’s, Oracle DB 12c, Oracle Test Director, OBIEE, OBIA, MFT,ODI (Oracle Data Integrator), SOAP, REST, XML/JSON, Python, Active Directory, LDAP       

Tools                   : SVN/GIT, ANT, MAVEN, SOAPUI, JDeveloper, JIRA, Jenkins/Bamboo/Hudson



Responsibilities:

Installation and Configuration of FMW products Oracle FMW Infrastructure, Oracle SOA, OSB. OHS, Oracle Identity Manager, Oracle Access Manger and Oracle Internet Directory, OFSLL and BI Publisher.

Domain Configuration, cluster configuration and Administration for FMW Infrastructure, SOA (BPEL, Mediator, Business Rules, Human Workflow), OSB, OAM, OIM, OFSLL and BIP environments.

Created Development, QA, SIT, UAT, STAGE, Production Support and Production environments.

Created and administration of Single Node and cluster domains for Oracle SOA/OSB/BAM, OAM/OIM, OFSLL and BI Publisher.

Configured and Administering JDBC, JMS, JNDI resources on FMW 12c environments.

Configured Generic/Multi/RAC Data Sources (XA and non-XA Data sources), EIS Outbound Pool Connections for Adaptors (DB, JMS, File, FTP, APPS, Salesforce, MQ and AQ Adapter) on application Server.

Creating JMS servers, modules, connection factories, queues and Topics. Monitoring the flow of the transaction messages between the queues and database architecture.

Deployment of JAR, WAR and EAR files, SOA composites and OSB projects to the Application servers from console and through tools like Jenkins which uses Ant scripts for the deployment Process.

Developed and deploying custom connectors and extending OIM functionality using APIs.

Customizing the OIM user interface, Configuring roles and access policies. Configuring provisioning and reconciliation processes.

Developing complex custom workflow processes.

Implemented SSO configuration and user provisioning on IDM environments.

OBIEE administration (manages web catalog objects, archive/ unarchive, set permissions and ownership, start/stop server, deploy RPD etc.), RPD migration, catalog migration, password change management.

Demonstrate in-depth understanding of Data Warehousing (DW) and ETL concepts, ETL loading strategy, Data archiving, Data reconciliation, ETL Error Handling, Error logging mechanism, standards and best practices.

Configured continuous integration build and deployment’s through Jenkins Maven and Ant scripts.

Code promotion from non prod to production environments using continuous integration tool Jenkins. 

Must possess working experience of doing capacity planning for Oracle SOA suite with other integration technologies.

Configured Watches and Notifications in the Diagnostic module to monitor the STUCK threads, Deadlocks, Health from the Log files.

Performance tuning at WebLogic domain level and OS level, performance tuned WebLogic JVM heap, threads, JDBC and JMS subsystems.

Developed automation scripts using WLST/Python scripts to perform tasks such as monitoring domains, recycling clusters, starting, stopping servers, Node managers and deploying applications.

Deployed and managing applications on multiple FMW Server environments. Maintained Load balancing, high availability and Fail over functionality (disaster recovery).

Managing and Monitoring the JVM performance by WebLogic Heap Size, Garbage collection. 

Analysing thread dump & heap dump for WebLogic server depending upon the requirement.

Trouble shooting on deployment issues and providing the fix details to respective teams.

Experience in backup and recovery of Oracle SOA suite dehydration store, BI Publisher schemas.

Installing SSL certificates and forwarding requests to application server securely.

Providing L2/L3 Support of Prod and Non-Prod Environments in high availability clustered environment. 

Provided 24x7 support for production and non-prod environments which ensuring that the systems meet their SLAs.

Applied required patches recommended by Oracle using OPatch utility.



Client		: University of California (UCOP), Oakland CA.

Duration	:  Nov 2015 – June 2016

Role		: Sr. Oracle FMW Administrator

Environment       : Oracle SOA 11g, OSB 11g, BAM, Java Web services, Oracle Linux VM’s, Oracle            

DB 11g/12c, EBS, Oracle Identity Manager, Oracle Access Manager, Oracle Unified Directory OID, OVD, OBIEE, Active Directory, LDAP

		 

Tools		: SVN, ANT, MAVEN, SOAPUI, JDeveloper, Jenkins/Bamboo



Responsibilities:

Installation and Configuration of FMW products Oracle WebLogic Server Oracle SOA, OSB. OHS, Oracle Identity Manager, Oracle Access Manger and Oracle Internet Directory and BI Publisher.

Domain Configuration, cluster configuration and Administration for Oracle WebLogic Server, SOA (BPEL, Mediator, Business Rules, Human Workflow), OSB, OAM and OIM environments.

Created Development, QA, SIT, UAT, STAGE, Production Support and Production environments.

Created and administration of Single Node and cluster domains for Oracle SOA/OSB/BAM, OAM/OIM, OID and OUD.

Configured and Administering JDBC, JMS, JNDI resources on WebLogic/SOA/OSB environments.

Configured Generic/Multi/RAC Data Sources (XA and non-XA Data sources), EIS Outbound Pool Connections for Adaptors (DB, JMS, File, FTP, APPS, Salesforce, MQ and AQ Adapter) on application Server.

Creating JMS servers, modules, connection factories, queues and Topics. Monitoring the flow of the transaction messages between the queues and database architecture.

Deployment of JAR, WAR and EAR files, SOA (BPEL, Mediator, Business Rules, Human workflow) composites and OSB projects to the Application servers from console and through tools like Jenkins which uses Ant scripts for the deployment Process.

Implemented SSO configuration and user provisioning on IDM environments.

Installing and configuring Oracle Identity Manger in a clustered environment 

Developing and deploying custom connectors. Configuring provisioning and reconciliation processes, roles and access policies

Configuring and Administering JDBC, JMS, JNDI resources in WebLogic Server 11g/12c environments.

Configured continuous integration build and deployment’s through Maven and Ant scripts.

Code promotion from non prod to production environments. 

Experience in setting of High Availability and clustering for Oracle SOA/OSB/BAM.

Performance tuning at WebLogic domain level and OS level, performance tuned WebLogic JVM heap, threads, JDBC and JMS subsystems.

Worked on customer issues on Non Prod and Production environments.

Developed automation scripts for WebLogic/SOA/OSB servers monitoring and administration

Deployed and managing applications on multiple FMW Server environments. Maintained Load balancing, high availability and Fail over functionality (disaster recovery).

Managing and Monitoring the JVM performance by WebLogic Heap Size, Garbage collection. 

Analysing thread dump & heap dump for WebLogic server depending upon the requirement.

Trouble shooting on deployment issues and providing the fix details to respective teams.

Experience in backup and recovery of Oracle SOA suite dehydration store.

Installing SSL certificates and forwarding requests to application server securely.

Playing the role of Fusion Middleware Administrator, providing L2/L3 Support of Prod and Non-Prod Environments in high availability clustered environment. 

Created data sources requested by Dev team and updated JNDI names in appropriate adapters (DB, APPS, JMS, and FTP Adapters).

Responsible for writing WLST scripts to perform tasks such as monitoring domains, recycling clusters, starting, stopping servers, Node managers and deploying applications.

Provided 24x7 support for production and non-prod environments.

Applied required patches recommended on Opatch & BSU patch.



Client		: VMware – Bangalore, India

Duration	: Nov 2013 – Nov 2015

Role		: Sr. Oracle SOA Administrator

Environment       : Oracle SOA 11g, OSB 11g, Java Web services, VMware Linux VM’s, Oracle            

DB 11g, Rabbit MQ, ESG, EBS, Oracle Identity Manager, Oracle Access Manager, OID, OVD,   PORTALS, Sales Force (SFDC)

Tools		: Perforce (P4), ANT, Maven, SOAPUI, JDeveloper, Bamboo, Jenkins,



Responsibilities:

Installation and Configuration of FMW products Oracle WebLogic Server Oracle SOA, OSB. OHS, Oracle Identity Manager, Oracle Access Manger and Oracle Internet Directory and BI Publisher.

Domain Configuration, cluster configuration and Administration for Oracle WebLogic Server, SOA (BPEL, Mediator, Business Rules, Human Workflow), OSB, OAM and OIM environments.

Created Development, QA, SIT, UAT, STAGE, Production Support and Production environments.

Created and administration of Single Node and cluster domains for Oracle SOA and OSB.

Configured and Administering JDBC, JMS, JNDI resources on WebLogic/SOA/OSB environments.

Configured Generic/Multi/RAC Data Sources (XA and non-XA Data sources), EIS Outbound Pool Connections for Adaptors (DB, JMS, File, FTP, APPS, Salesforce, MQ and AQ Adapter) on application Server.

Creating JMS servers, modules, connection factories, queues and Topics. Monitoring the flow of the transaction messages between the queues and database architecture.

Deployment of JAR, WAR and EAR files, SOA (BPEL, Mediator, Business Rules, Human workflow) composites and OSB projects to the Application servers from console and through tools like Jenkins which uses Ant scripts for the deployment Process.

Domain Configuration, cluster configuration and Administration.

Configuring and managing WebLogic JDBC Data Sources and Connection Pools, JMS Queue’s and Topic etc… related tasks of WebLogic and SOA Suite.

Deployment and Troubleshooting of JAR, WAR and EAR Files

Deployed and managing applications on multiple SOA and OSB Server environments. Maintained Load balancing, high availability and Fail over functionality (disaster recovery).

Created data sources requested by Dev team and updated JNDI names in appropriate adapters (DB, APPS, JMS, and FTP Adapters).

Created JMS servers, JMS modules, Connection factories and required Queue's requested by Development team.

Deploying, monitoring, and managing the SOA Composite applications using EM console and WLST scripts.

Building code using ANT/Maven script and deploy code into WebLogic, SOA and OSB environment.

continuous code integration performed using Bamboo ad Jenkins

Involved in creation and updating various scripts to support, monitor, start /stop WebLogic Admin/managed servers on Operating systems.

Performing refresh activities in order do data sync up and replication from Prod to non-prod environments for performance testing.

Managing and Monitoring the JVM performance by WebLogic Heap Size, Garbage collection. 

Analysing thread dump & heap dump for WebLogic server depending upon the requirement.

Troubleshooting on deployment issues and providing the fix details to respective teams.

Installing SSL certificates and forwarding requests to application server securely.

Playing the role of Fusion Middleware Administrator, providing L2/L3 Support of Prod and Non-Prod Environments in high availability clustered environment. 

Responsible for setting up development, testing, UAT, staging and production environments for the ongoing application development.

Responsible for writing WLST scripts to perform tasks such as monitoring domains, recycling clusters, starting, stopping servers, Node managers and deploying applications.

Provided 24x7 support for production and non-prod environments.

Applied required patches recommended on Opatch & BSU patch.

Interacted with Operations team to get the environment refresh with an advance notification

Coordinating between other teams in day to day activity.

Sending daily/weekly status report to onsite coordinator.

Managing all deliverable like different project related documents, different versions of the code.



Client		: AVIVA - Bangalore, India

Duration	: Apr 2011 – Oct 2013

Role		: Oracle WebLogic/SOA Administrator

Environment       : Oracle SOA 11g (BPEL, Mediator, Business Rules, Human Workflow), OSB 11g, WebLogic 11g, Java Web Services (SOAP and REST), RED Hat Linux, Oracle DB 11g 

Tools		: Eclipse, SVN, ANT, SSH, JDeveloper



Responsibilities:

Installation and Configuration of Oracle WebLogic Server Oracle SOA, Apache Web Server, and OHS.

Domain Configuration, cluster configuration and Administration for Oracle WebLogic Server, SOA (BPEL, Mediator, Business Rules, Human Workflow), OSB environments.

Created Development, QA, SIT, UAT, STAGE, Production Support and Production environments.

Domain Configuration, cluster configuration and Administration of Single Node and cluster domains for Oracle WebLogic, SOA and OSB.

Configured and Administering JDBC, JMS, JNDI resources on WebLogic/SOA/OSB environments.

Configured Generic/Multi/RAC Data Sources (XA and non-XA Data sources), EIS Outbound Pool Connections for Adaptors (DB, JMS, File, FTP, APPS, Salesforce, MQ and AQ Adapter) on application Server.

Creating JMS servers, modules, connection factories, queues and Topics. Monitoring the flow of the transaction messages between the queues and database architecture.

Deployment of JAR, WAR and EAR files, SOA (BPEL, Mediator, Business Rules, Human workflow) composites and OSB projects to the Application servers from console and through tools like Jenkins which uses Ant scripts for the deployment Process.

Worked on Deployments and monitoring BPEL, Mediator, Business Rules composites, Enterprise Application, and web services to clusters, servers.

Install, cluster, performance tune, troubleshoot, and support JBoss EAP Application Servers.

Code migration from Tomcat to WebLogic server instances.

Involved in creation and updating various scripts to support, monitor, start-stop WebLogic Admin/managed servers on Operating systems

Worked with partner vendors in migration and deployment activities.

Hands on upgrade of WebLogic()10.x0.x) to WebLogic()10.x.x) & SOA(PSx)  to SOA(PSx) 11.1.1.6.0 

Handle new Releases and maintenance AIX in production environment.

Worked on thread dumps, outputs and analyse logs, thread dumps to resolve various errors/exceptions in Production.

Versioning of code using version tool PVCS (Version Control System).

Fixed the defects in test cycles and updated their root cause in Assist tool.

Provided level 1 support and escalated to and interacted with Developers (level 2) 

Monitor and maintain ticketing system to ensure all new and repetitive bugs and issues are addressed, researched, fixed and closed.

Final Deployment and Post production support for enhancements.

Applied required patches recommended by Oracle .

Creating and maintaining Project related documentation. 

Managing all deliverable like different project related documents, different versions of the code.



Client		: Apple Inc, - Bangalore, India

Duration	: Apr 2009 – Mar 2011

Role		: Oracle WebLogic Administrator

Environment	: Java/ J2EE, Java Web services, Oracle Weblogic11g, Tomcat, AIX, Linux, Oracle DB 11g 

Tools		: Eclipse, SVN, ANT, SSH, JDeveloper



Responsibilities:

Domain Configuration, cluster configuration and Administration.

Deploy and monitor WebLogic, Enterprise Application, and web services to clusters, servers.

Migrated various applications from Tomcat to WebLogic Server.

Created data sources requested by Dev team.

Created JMS servers, JMS modules, Connection factories and required Queue's requested by Development team.

Configured Generic/Multi/RAC Data Sources (XA and non-XA Data sources)

Headed multiple daily or weekly application UAT and Production release projects, from business approvals to final system sanity checks.

Involved in creation and updating various scripts to support, monitor, start-stop WebLogic  Admin/managed servers on Operating systems

Handle new Releases and maintenance Linux in production environment.

Interacted with Operations team to get the environment refresh with an advance notification

Coordinating between other teams in day to day activity.

Versioning of code using version tool SVN.

Building code using ANT Script.

Deployment and Continuous Integration of the code using specific tool Hudson.

Fixed the defects in test cycles and updated their root cause in Radar and Espresso.

Reviewing and monitoring the work done by the team members.

Provided level 1 support and escalated to and interacted with Developers (level 2) 

Monitor and maintain ticketing system to ensure all new and repetitive bugs and issues are addressed, researched, fixed and closed.

Tracking and maintaining metrics for the project.

Sending daily/weekly status report to onsite coordinator.

Final Deployment and Post production support for enhancements.

Creating and maintaining Project related documentation. 

Managing all deliverable like different project related documents, different versions of the code.



Client		: Oracle - Bangalore, India

Duration	: Jan 2008 – Mar 2009

Role		: Porting Engineer

Environment	: Windows, Sun Solaris, IBM-AIX, HP-UX, Linux, Java, J2EE, XML, HTML, UNIX Shell Scripts, Ant, Oracle database 11g, WebLogic 10.x, Oracle HTTP Server

Tools		: Perforce, ADE, DTE



Responsibilities:

Installation and Configuration of Oracle ECM Tools 11g (UCM,IPM and IRM)

Installation and Configuration of Web Logic server 11g.

Deploy and monitor J2EE,  WebLogic, Enterprise Application, and web services to clusters, servers 

Handle new Releases and maintenance UNIX in production environment.

Domain Configuration, cluster configuration and Administration.

Involved in creation and updating various scripts to support, monitor, start/stop WebLogic Admin/managed servers on Operating systems.

Take thread dumps, outputs and analyze logs, thread dumps to resolve various errors/exceptions in Production.

Identify unexpected exceptions and determine whether they are application or WebLogic exceptions.

Experience in migrating data from development to production environment.

Review of User Guide, Install Guide and Release Notes and preparation of Release Notes Draft.

Create the application server specific configuration scripts. 

Support and provide Fix for the customer scenarios.

Analyzing and troubleshooting product, platform, database, Java or JVM related issues.

For any third party vendor specific issue – develop standalone use case / re-producer and share with the vendor.

Clarifying issues regarding the Porting problems with the Client on day-to-day basis.

Preparing time sheets and daily status report for the project

Versioning of code using version tool “ADE”.  





Client		: BEA Systems - Bangalore, India

Duration	: Dec 2006 – Dec 2007

Role		: Porting Engineer

Environment  	: Solaris, IBM AIX, HP-UX, Linux, J2EE, XML, HTML,UNIX Shell Scripts, Ant, Oracle                 database 10g, WebLogic Server 9/10.x and WebLogic Integration

Tools		: Eclipse, Perforce, JUnit, Ant, Secure Shell Client, Edit Plus



Activities carried out during the project:

Enhancement of the BEA WebLogic as a Product based on the requirements planned.

Building WebLogic and WebLogic Integration source code on various platforms and troubleshooting problems relating to the build.

Review of User Guide, Install Guide and Release Notes and preparation of Release Notes Draft.

Testing &Troubleshooting the WebLogic Integration 9.2 MP1, 9.2MP2, 10.2 and 10.3 code on the chosen operating system.

Resolving WebLogic platform related issues with BEA’s customers.

Deploy and monitor J2EE, WebLogic, Enterprise Application, and web services to clusters, servers 

Handle new Releases and maintenance Unix in production environment

Domain Configuration, cluster configuration and Administration.

Involved in creation and updating various scripts to support, monitor, start-stop WebLogic managed/admin servers and Operating stem

Take thread dumps, outputs and analyze logs, thread dumps to resolve various errors/exceptions Production

Identify unexpected exceptions and determine whether they are application or WebLogic exceptions





Client		: British Telecom - Bangalore, India

Duration	: Nov 2005 – Nov 2006

Role		: Software Programmer

Environment	: XML, HTML, UNIX, Ant, Oracle database 10g, WebLogic Server 8

Tools		: Eclipse, Perforce, JUnit, Ant, Secure Shell Client, Edit Plus



Responsibilities:

Developed code using Java, Servlet’s, JSP’s and java Beans.

Created Base Data and migrating into the Backend systems

Deployed code into WebLogic environment.

Done Unit testing for code changes.\n
Gaurav Hegde
4316,Rowalt Drive,#101 ■ College Park,MD,20740 ■ 2403302382 ■ gaurav.hegde@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Aug 2015- Dec 2016
Master of Science (MS) Focus Area: Information Systems; GPA-3.4
Relevant Courses: Decision Analytics, Big Data, Data Mining & Predictive Analysis using R, Business Process Analysis, Database
Base Management Systems, Data Models & Decision, Managing Digital Marketing
Fr. C. Rodrigues Institute of Technology, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science; GPA-3.6

Aug 2008- May 2012

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND RELEVANT PROJECTS
Information Technology Intern- BerkleyNet Underwriters, W.R Berkley Corporation, Virginia
May 2016- Aug 2016
 Extracted data using JQL and created dashboards in JIRA to get trends of issues encountered in various releases
 Analyzed and visualized data using pivot tables and charts to understand resource allocation and work load in the team
 Customized SQL queries in WINSQL to get insights on various policies and quotes being created for various states in USA
 Administered deployment for development and integration environments using IBM Web Sphere along with running data fix scripts,
thus reducing work load for software developers and increasing productivity by 10%
 Developed test suite for automation testing and ran automation scripts using Eggplant to create policies and quotes for customers
Software Quality Analyst- Financial Services Technologies Inc. (FSTI)
Nov 2012- Jun 2015
 Followed the Agile methodology by breaking requirements into user stories and prioritizing them in JIRA
 Suggested Change Requests based on the compatibility and expectations of end users with a V-model approach
 Executed SQL join queries to fetch various data and analyze data points to ensure defect free deliverables to clients; contrived
test scenarios on test-techniques like Boundary Value Analysis & Equivalence Partitioning in QC
 Evaluated all regression functionalities by using UML diagrams and prepared functional test cases ; executed test scripts to avoid
warranty defects thus ensuring a Customer Satisfaction Index of ‘4.0’
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Product Owner for Business Process Analysis- Healthy Futures through Sports Program



Feb 2016- May 2016

Extracted requirements from Madieu Williams Foundation for developing an online website promoting healthy lifestyle for
people living in PG county; followed the agile methodology process with sprints every two weeks
Defined and prioritized customer centric user stories for the scrum team; actively added items to the product backlog

Big Data- Descriptive and Predictive Analysis on Amazon Fine Food Reviews
Mar 2016- May 2016
▪ Curated and organized 568,454 reviews from Amazon users and uploaded in Amazon Web Services (AWS) cluster
▪ Performed descriptive analysis using Pig commands and SQL queries on Hive to gather seasonal patterns of reviews
▪ Conceptualized a prediction model to understand the sentiment of reviewers using py-Spark and visualized the results
Data Mining and Predictive Analysis using R- Prediction of the US Primary Elections
 Visualized election trends, state-wise age demographics and voting inclinations using R-studio and Tableau
 Fitted regression models in R to classify election trends with linear, GLM, k-NN and Naïve Bayes algorithms.
 Computed misclassified points using ROC curve and plotting predicted probability against test set to get an accuracy of 84.2 %
Database Management System –Community Housing Management
 Designed a management system to maintain a community in a centralized manner using MySQL server
 Explored a variety of housing services using ERD diagrams and DDL , DML & DCL functions
LEADERSHIP & VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE

Aug 2015-Oct 2015

Aug 2015-Present

Vice President of External Relations- MS Professional Communications Club
 Conducted workshops like ‘Ace the Elevator Pitch’ and ‘Mock Career Fairs’ by connecting with influential IT executives and
alumni, helping students to gain valuable insights and enhancing their communications skills
Track Representative of the Cohort
 Empowered students to discuss issues and brought them to the attention of the MPO staff, faculty and administration
SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS





Analytical: Hadoop-Pig, Sqoop,Spark,Hive,Impala Advanced Excel, MySQL ,R Programming, Tableau, Amazon Web Services
Technical: IBM Bluemix, IBM Web Sphere, JIRA, Automation Testing tool: Selenium & Eggplant, HP- ALMS, HTML5, CSS
ISTQB Certification: Foundation Level Certification in Software Testing held by the Software Testing Board
National Stock Exchange of India Certification: Mutual Funds, Financial Market, Currency Derivative

\n
Jessica A Rosenthal

6188 Good Hunters Ride | Columbia MD 21045

Jessicarosenthal323@gmail.com | (703) 965-0642



Objective: To obtain a position in the instructional design and training field, where my creative skills and qualifications will produce a quality product for clients/organization.



Summary:

Eight years of experience with Learning Management Systems (LMS), primarily in higher education environments

Expertise with development and deployment of LMS

Expertise with graphic and print development, design and production

Expertise with Quark Xpress, Adobe Creative and eLearning Suites, Microsoft Office Suite, Visio, Corel Draw, SnagIt, Captivate, Lectora, Articulate Storyline and Adobe PageMaker for creating published documents.

Experienced with development of visual material for law firms, and development of instruction manuals for numerous companies

Photographer with studio and documentary imaging skills.



Professional Experience:

		Georgetown University, Washington, DC	November 2015-March 2016

		Program Coordinator, Translational Biomedical Sciences 

	

	Provided administrative and budget support for the TL1 NIH grant for the university. Maintain postdoctoral and pre-doctoral files and budgets, oversees organization of TBS Workshops, maintain travel and accommodations for Director of TBS program, oversee annual grant progress reports. Supervise student workers as needed.

		

		Veteran’s Affairs Acquisition Academy, Frederick, MD	June 2015-October 2015

			Instructional Technologist

				Contractor with American Systems, Inc., Chantilly, VA

	

	Provided support for Adobe Connect online course meetings, Blackboard course build out and design, and Blackboard Collaborate online course meetings.

	

		United States Naval Academy, Annapolis, MD	November 2010-June 2015

	Blackboard Application Specialist

		Contractor with Directviz Solutions, Chantilly, VA	October 2013-June 2015

	Contractor with The Coleman Group, Greenbelt, MD 	November 2010-September 2013



Provided technical support to students, faculty and staff. Duties included developing instructional guides, videos, and other process related to the Blackboard system. Maintained the Blackboard website for additional assistance. Provided overall user interface administrative support for all parts of the system. Facilitated training sessions for faculty staff, and other IT support staff. Oversaw third party add on tools and features for the Blackboard system. Kept track of a schedule of recurring duties and tasks for the maintenance in the Blackboard system. Enrolled, removed, edited, and maintained user accounts as necessary. 



		Marymount University, Arlington, VA	October 2007-October 2010

	E-Learning Specialist

	

Provided technical support to students, faculty and staff. Duties included developing instructional guides, videos, and other process related to the Blackboard system. Maintained and created the Blackboard website for additional assistance. Provided overall user interface administrative support. Facilitated training sessions for faculty staff, and other IT support staff. Oversaw third party add on tools and features for the Blackboard system. Enrolled, removed, edited, and maintained user accounts as necessary. 



When hired for this position I was informed by my supervisor and job description I would have other duties. rather than working in e-Learning multimedia aspects. I self taught myself to be able to learning how to use their LMS (Blackboard version 7.3) at the time. My only other LMS experience before that was being a student on Blackboard (version 4.0, in which is was just a document manage system).





Education:

	Marymount University, Arlington, VA

		Master’s Certification, Instructional Design	2011

		Northeastern University, Boston, MA

		Bachelor of Science, Graphic Design	2004

	Art Institute of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA

	Associate of Science, Photography	2002

	

References can be provided upon request\n
vasutholeti@gmail.com                    Srinivasu Tholeti             Phone: 571-533-7860

__________________________________________________________________

	Summary:

	Twelve years of experience as a quality assurance analyst

	Nine years of experience in the federal financial systems

	Strong knowledge of automated and manual testing on software and web-based applications

	Worked as quality assurance Engineer on Federal Financial systems

	Articulate, with excellent analytical skills and a successful track record interfacing with Information Technology developers and the user community to develop test plans and scripts

	Performing all kinds of tests including Black box, End to End, Integration, Functional, Regression, System testing, Data Driven, and Performance

	 Experience in testing PeopleSoft applications and Seibel applications

	Track bugs and reporting defects using Test Director and HP Quality Center

	Use SQL queries to extract data from MS SQL Server databases, Oracle

Ability to work independently and multi task without negative impact to timelines or quality

Quality oriented, mind setup and problem solving skills with a Test-To-Break attitude

	Efficient in implementing established standard, procedure and methodologies

Ability to learn quickly new concepts in emerging technology and work under pressure.

Excellent Communication and Team work capabilities.

Skill Summary: 

QA Tools			:  Application Lifecycle Management (ALM), UFT

RDBMS			:  Oracle 8i, 9i, 11g, SQL Server 7.0, MS Access and Toad.

ERP Packages                	:  PeopleSoft CRM (8.0/8.4/8.8/8.9), PeopleSoft HRMS8.4, 

                                                      Seibel7.7, Oracle apps Technical R12.

Front End and Web Tools 	:  VB 6.0, JAVA 2, C, HTML, SQL and XML.

Reporting Tools         		:  Crystal Reports, SQR, XML Publisher and Discoverer

Languages	        		:   C, C++, Java, XML.

Operating System        	:    Windows 95/2000/XP, UNIX, Linux



Education:

Master of Computer Application, M.V.J. College of Engineering, Bangalore, Karnataka, India.

B.Sc. (Computer Science) K.G.R.L College, Andhra Pradesh, India.





Professional Experience:

US Census Bureau

QA Analyst                                                                                 			         Jun08 to till date

Description: Commerce Business system (CBS) consists of the core financial system and the major administrative system.

Projects:

	CCR: The Department of Commerce (DOC) has initiated a project to develop a standard interface between the DOC Core Financial System (CFS) and the Department of Defense Electronic Business Program Office’s Central Contractor Registration (CCR) system. This interface is to populate the CFS vendor database with CCR vendor records.

Six-Digit U.S. Government Standard General Ledger (USSGL) Account Number Code Structure: The scope of this project is to revise details for increasing the current four-digit USSGL account code structure by the new six-digit structure in the CBS applications in order to comply with the Treasury Financial Manual (TFM) bulletin number 2010-08.  

	GTAS: The Government-wide Treasury Account Symbol Adjusted Trial Balance System (GTAS) will replace the functionality of FACTS I, FACTS II, IFCS, and IRAS reporting systems as the primary means of reporting agency trial balance data. A single data collection system will pave the way for more consistent and complete financial data and will allow for better analytical reporting.

	PAM: The Intra-Governmental Payment and Collection System (IPAC) was implemented on December 3, 2001. IPAC was designed to transfer funds between government agencies and provide the capability to include descriptive information related to each transaction. This descriptive information assists Financial Program Agencies (FPAs) with their monthly reconciliation.

	ETS2 Interface (CBA Items): Centrally Billed Account Items (CBA Items) interface is interface between the CBS Core Financial System (CFS) and the General Service Administration’s E-Gov Travel Service 2 (ETS2).

	ETS2 Interface (Authorizations/Vouchers): Authorization and Voucher interface is interface between the CBS Core Financial System (CFS) and the General Service Administration’s E-Gov Travel Service 2 (ETS2).

Responsibilities:

Developed and implemented test plans and test cases for Feeder Application’s and Core financial applications (CFS) based on business and software requirements.

Coordinated with finance/Budget and CSC teams to resolve the issues.

Created CSC Activity Requests (AR’s) and send them to CSC.

Updates CBS Census release versions spread sheet weekly and sends to CSC

Written test cases and performed Manual Testing like Positive Testing and Negative Testing

Executed detailed test cases with step-by-step procedure and expected result

Extensively involved in back-end testing using SQL to check the data.

Developed SQL Statements to extract data from tables to verify the output data of the reports

Conducted GUI and performance testing during the various phases of the development

Used ALM for Testing & Tracking system for Bugs and Requirement Changes.

Maintained log of software issues for regression testing

The testing analyst will report directly to the Test Lead

Demonstrated team skills at work place

Coordinated with the development team in tight schedules and attended daily status meeting.

Environment: Oracle9i, Oracle10g, Oracle11g, QualityCenter11.0, Team Track, Toad, SQL, Reflection, UNIX, Internet Explorer, Windows XP.



Business Intelligence Solutions, NJ

QA Analyst                                                                                                                         Nov 07 to Apr 08

Description: BIS is a leading business technology solution provider focused on helping clients successfully execute their strategy in banking and finance domains. It is PeopleSoft support project.  The modules that were customized in order to meet the requirements included Order capture and call center.

Responsibilities:

Worked with customers to develop user acceptance tests for internet based business application.

Ensured that the application meet quality standard for performance consistency and usage by performing functional testing and regression testing.

Documented, managed and engaged in error diagnosis for system run process.

Involved through initial phases of Software Development Life Cycle system, scope and requirements.

Wrote and executed detailed test cases with step by step procedure and expected result.

Coordinating with the developers for resolution of defects. 

Tested to verify that all data were synchronized.

Developed data driven tests to easy maintenance of the scripts and to test with various data including positive and negative test data. 

Using the Data Mover, loaded some the demo data from the tables into development environment database.

Loaded contacts in the form of *.CSV files into PeopleSoft CRM BORM tables and other CRM tables using Data Import Templates.

Analyzed automated test results, documented and reported through Test Director.

Maintained automated scripts as application changes, by changing the Global GUI maps.

Environment: PeopleSoft CRM8.8, Quality Center, Windows XP, Internet Explorer, Oracle9i, Toad.





CT Communication, Concord, NC	

QA Analyst                                                                                                                                            Jan 07 – Oct 07

Description: CT communications, Inc. is headquartered in concord, N.C, and is growing provider of integrated telecommunications and related services to residential and business customers located primarily in North Carolina. CT communications, Inc. offers a comprehensive package of telecommunications and related services including local and long distance telephone service, Internet and data services and digital wireless services. It is PeopleSoft order capture implementation project for CTC.

Responsibilities:

Developed and implemented test plans and test cases for Peoplesoft Order Capture    Application based on business and software requirements.

Executed use cases, functional test scenarios based on developer test design documents.

Involved in entire software test cycle and promptly reported results, discrepancies and defects.

Worked closely with development team and Business users to validate the functionality and defects for each new release of the project. 

Worked with customer support team to validate the customer complaints

Environment: PeopleSoft CRM8.9, Quality Center Windows XP, Internet Explorer, Oracle

PANASONIC INC, SECAUCUS, NJ

QA Analyst                               					                                                     Aug 06 – Dec 06 

Description: Panasonic is the leader in providing entire range of products and Services including broadcast & pro video, consumer electronics, computer peripherals, hospitality, industrial products, medical video, office products etc. This project is to develop a high functioning application for service tracking and reporting beneficial to service business owners and call center agents.

Responsibilities:

Worked with customers to develop user acceptance tests for internet based business application.

Ensured that the application meet quality standard for performance consistency and usage by performing functional testing and regression testing.

Documented, managed and engaged in error diagnosis for system run process.

Involved through initial phases of Software Development Life Cycle system, scope and requirements.

Wrote and executed detailed test cases with step by step procedure and expected result.

Coordinating with the developers for resolution of defects. 

Environment: PeopleSoft CRM8.0, Quality Center, Windows XP, Internet Explorer, Oracle

Eagle Creek Software Services - Valley city, ND                                            

QA Analyst                                                                                                                                           Jan 06 – July 06

Optimos India Pvt ltd, India                                                                                             

QA Analyst                                                                                                                                            Feb 04 – Dec05\n
SHRAVAN KUMAR



Experience Summary



Proficient software developer having 10 years of experience in Enterprise Application Integration and Application Software Development using Oracle SOA, BPM, BPEL, OSB, Mediator, ADF, Java/J2EE , SQL/PLSQL, Shell Scripting. Proven success in the implementation of SOA based Solutions leveraging Oracle products, Oracle SOA Suite, OWSM, Oracle BPM, Mediators, and Oracle Human Task. 



	Core Competencies/Skills Summary

	

Expert level skills in BPEL-Web Services Orchestration and, BPEL to BPEL asynchronous and synchronous communication, BPEL integration with BPM, Rules Engine.

	Expertise in Service mediation, Message transformation, Content-based routing, Message validation, Versioning and service monitoring using Oracle Service Bus.(aka ALSB)

	Hands on experience using JDeveloper, Web Services, SOAP, WSDL, XML, XSLT, XPATH, HTML, UDDI in OSB, BPEL, BPM service development.	

	Working Expertise in Human Workflows, File Adapters, FTP Adapters, AQ Adapters, OA Adapters and DB Adapters and JMS Adapters in BPEL processes.

	Experience in building and deployment of several Oracle SOA, OSB applications using ANT.

	Expertise in deploying and monitoring the Fusion middleware components using Oracle BPEL console and Oracle ESB console

	Auditing, Configuration and Performance Tuning for BPEL processes at the Domain and Process Level

	Experience in Enterprise application development using Oracle Application Development Framework (ADF).

	Expertise with Oracle ADF Business Components, ADF Faces, ADF Task flows and ADF Data

	Controls.

	In depth knowledge of developing various ADF business components like Entity Objects, View

	Objects, Associations, ViewLinks and Application Modules as a part of business layer of the

	application.

	Experienced in developing various UI/Frontend components like jsff, jspx, ADF regions, bounded Task flows, ADF Menu etc., using JSF, ADF Faces and ADF Rich Faces.

	Experience in using Java/J2EE technologies such as JSPs, Servlets, EJBs, JDBC, JNDI.

	Experience in application development, debugging, implementation and testing of Oracle based ERP using SQL, PLSQL, Shell Scripting, and Database Triggers etc.

	Extensive Experience in working with PL/SQL packages, Stored Procedures, Functions and Triggers.





Work Experience



Thomson Reuters									Oct 2013 – Present

Lead SOA Developer



	CPP BPM Support and Administration is to provide Centre of Excellence for Nine different tenants using Oracle Fusion stack like SOA, BPEL, BPM, ADF globally across Thomson Reuters.  

	

	Responsibilities:

	Address the Design and Development issues of all the tenants working on Oracle SOA,BPM, BPEL, ADF and  enable them to meet Service Level Agreements by guiding them through best practices.

	Should there be a need to explore a new feature required for a tenant we develop the Proof of Concept and educate the tenants.

	Create and Maintain infrastructure required for all the tenants working on Oracle Fusion Stack as per their requirements.

	Patch the SOA infrastructure regularly as needed, following the Oracle documentation.

	Upgraded BPM10g environment from 10.3.1 to 10.3.3 which has the direct path to BPM12c.

	Write documents when solution for a problem is discovered and share across the team.

	Provide consulting services for any tenant to guide them through development of their project.

	Write Shell scripts in Linux to automate processes like cleanup and purge scripts, scripts to find errors in logs, Cron Schedulers, etc .

	

	Environment: 

	Oracle SOA11g, BPEL, BPM11g/10g, Mediator, Linux,  LDAP, ADF11g, Oracle 11g, SQL/PLSQL, MQ Explorer, Java/J2EE, XML, SOAP, WSDL, XSLT, Web Services, REST services, BPM Suite, Jdeveloper 11g.



Thomson Reuters									Jul 2012 - Sept 2013

Lead Software Engineer

	

	J2012 or Judicial Workbench aims at integration of variety of Services involved in the Judicial Pathway to publish the structured documents. Judicial Pathway includes orchestration of webservices used by Subject Matter experts to refine the incoming documents and publish them on West Law Next websites.

	

	This product is essentially used by law schools, students and lawyers to get latest and historic information of court records.

	

	Responsibilities:

	Design and develop the BPM processes to integrate the services involved in Judicial Pathway.

	MQ queues are used to exchange (Request and Response) the data between different REST webservices.

	Create Unit Tests using ATF(Automated Testing Framework) written in Groovy.

	Create and integrate the Business rules in SOA 11g using the Webservices in Oracle BPM suite 10g.

	Coordinate with different teams in getting the required information for integration.

	Troubleshoot the issues arising from Production environment.

	Follow Agile development model to build the Judicial Pathway.

	Used SOAPUI to test the web services before deploying the code to Enterprise Manager and Process Administrator.

	Create local WebUI for human interactions, and also use external webservices for Interactive Activities.

	Build and Deploy the code using the AntHill pro.

	Used LDAP authorization implemented globally in Thomson Reuters by configuring custom LDAP in Weblogic Console.

	

	Environment: 

	Oracle SOA11g, BPEL, BPM11g,BPM10g, Mediator, Oracle 11g, SQL/PLSQL, MQ Explorer, Apache activeMQ,  Java/J2EE, XML, SOAP, WSDL,XSLT, Web Services, REST services, BPM Suite,Jdeveloper 11g.

	

Utah Department of Health								Mar 2011 - Jun 2012

Senior SOA Developer

	

	Utah Department of Health is a government organization, dealing with health issues of Utahans by collecting analyzing and sharing health related data. Using Oracle Fusion Middleware we integrate different data providers (insurance clients) with Utah Department’s IBM main frames environment.

	

	Responsibilities:

	Analyzed the requirements in user requirements document.

	Handled the pipe delimited flat files generated by insurance clients following the custom made message structure.

	The listening service of the B2B adapter is used to poll the data provided by different insurance clients.

	Configured the B2B adapter to handle the different schemas used by the different insurance clients.

	Configured the MQ adapter to connect to IBM main frames environment and placed the read data into queues.

	Created connection pool, connection factory and DataSource required for MQ adapter.

	Configured the Load Balancer to handle the data when the actual server fails to handle.

	Edited Fault-Policy binding file to handle the runtime errors .

	Designed and developed the database tables required to store the data captured from insurance clients.

	Configured and used OSB to make proxies and integrate multiple composites.

	Generated weekly reports to summarize the data collected using the Quartz scheduler.

	Monitored the data flow using enterprise manager console and B2B console.

	Written SQL queries and PLSQL stored procedures to handle different transactions.

	Written ANT scripts to deploy the processes on to the server.

	

	Environment: Oracle SOA11g, BPEL, OSB11g, ADF11g, Mediator, Oracle 11g, SQL/PLSQL, MQ Adapter, Quartz Scheduler, Java/J2EE, XML, SOAP, WSDL,XSLT, Web Services, B2B Adapter, Jdeveloper 11g.



Emerson Motors									May 2010 - Feb 2011

Senior Software Engineer

	

	This project is for Emerson. Supplier Connectivity aims at integrating the Emerson Divisions (Liebert, Emerson Motor Company & LSNA) with the suppliers (Rea Magnet Wire, Fastenal and Benchmark) of Emerson. The project supports processing of various Business transaction documents using Fusion Middleware and handles OAGIS 7.2, Flat file and EDI formats at the division end & EDI and OAGIS 9.0 at the supplier end.

	

	Responsibilities:

	Developed the BPEL processes that generate the compliance Reports by consuming the web services from ADF.

	Invoked BPEL processes from ADF UI. 

	Developed the outbound PO/Change PO, Inbound ASN, Invoice flows using Oracle BPEL, ESB.

	Scheduled the BPEL processes using the Quartz scheduler.

	Used File adapter to poll the data from client locations.

	Configured JMS adapter to enqueue and dequeue the messages.

	Configured and used DB adapter to connect to Oracle EBS.

	Made changes according to the new requirements.

	Coding and development of the application.

	Designing of Java base class with various inherited classes and preparation of object-diagram in accordance to the requirement specification.

	Produced class hierarchy charts with complete inheritance chains.

	Configured DVM lookup tables to handle different abbreviations in data files.

	Maintained schema files, lookup files in MDS repository to avoid multiple storage of them.

	Implemented Fault handling logic in BPEL to capture binding faults, remote faults, runtime faults and all custom faults in all BPEL processes developed.

	Used SOAP-UI to test the messages.

	Coding of the classes, taking care of proper input/output interfaces

	Performed SQL queries for Oracle as backend. Maintained PL/SQL procedures

	Involved in the preparation of unit test plan and test cases, unit testing, integrated system testing and delivery at client site

	Designed and developed, deployed, tested the application using Oracle ADF.

	

	Environment: Oracle SOA11g, BPEL, OSB, ADF11g, Mediator, Oracle 11g, SQL/PLSQL, MQ Adapter,

	DB Adapter, File Adapter, MDS, Quartz Scheduler, Java/J2EE, Struts, Hibernate, XML, SOAP, WSDL, XSLT, Web Services, B2B Adapter, Jdeveloper 11g.

	

EA Sports								Feb 2009 - Mar 2010

Software Engineer

		

		This project is executed for the client EA Sports .The goal of Egateway is to replace the EDI translation applications in house for all 3 regions of Electronic Arts, North America (NA), Europe (EU) and Asia Pacific (AP).  Electronic Arts will partner with GXS to manage transformation and transmission of data to and from Electronic Arts and trading partners. All 3 regions will have a consistent way to translate and transmit data in EDI, XML, or any formats to and from different trading partners. EA will not be connecting to trading partners directly using different protocols required by the trading partners. All transmission will be through GXS, our managed services trading partner.

	

	Responsibilities:

	Developed the Outbound and Inbound interfaces for various transactions using BPEL and ESB.

	Worked on OAGIS Schema.

	Configured the Outbound and Inbound process through scheduler.

	Involved in preparing of MD070’s (Design Documents)

	Developed BPEL Service for AP Invoices to Interface Oracle EBS and all other systems in sync

	Designed and Developed BPEL processes to Integrate point of sale (POS) system with Oracle EBS suite for Order Process and AR Invoices.

	Developed a BPEL Process to fetch EDI Invoices in B2B and generates AP invoice in EBS

	Implemented Fault handling logic in BPEL to capture binding faults, remote faults, runtime faults and all custom faults in all BPEL processes developed

	Prepared XML Schema Diagrams (XSD) for all BPEL processes

	Developed a secure Enterprise BPEL service to retrieve banking data for suppliers

	Utilized the XSLT engine of JDeveloper to transform the XML documents

	Involved in the installation of OC4J containers and configuration of the connection pools and data sources for all the adapters on the application server

	Involved in managing concurrent programs, application user setup, defining responsibilities, registering forms and reports

	Prepared MD-050 and MD-070s conforming to the standards of Oracle A.I.M Methodology which cover Sequence, Class and Data Flow Diagrams.

	

	Environment: Oracle SOA11g, BPEL, OSB, ADF11g, Mediator, Oracle 11g, SQL/PLSQL, MQ Adapter, 

	DB Adapter, File Adapter, MDS, Quartz Scheduler, Java/J2EE, XML, SOAP, WSDL, XSLT, Web Services, B2B Adapter, Jdeveloper 11g.

	

LabCorp										Nov 2007 - Dec 2008

Senior SOA Developer

	

	PARS, in this project the requirement were to develop the backbone infrastructure of a product used by the physicians and patients. The overall business objective of this product is to provide single view of information stored in different sources.

	

	Responsibilities:

	Taken part in the analysis design and high level architecture of the application. 

	Implemented Oracle based SOA concepts, Web Services, BPEL core concepts.

	Written the XSDs of the messages, and defined the WSDL of the web service.

	Implemented the web service using JPA in JDeveloper 11g.

	Worked on OAGIS Schema using BODs (Body of document) Process Purchase Order, Acknowledge Purchase Order, etc. 

	Developed BPEL process flows in JDeveloper 11g and connected those using Mediators.

	Developed Message flows in Oracle Service Bus for service Proxies.

	Defined JMS Topics in weblogic server and then configuring Topics based proxy services and business services in Oracle Service Bus.

	Used different Adapters like OA adapter, Database adapter, File adapter, AQ adapter, JMS Adapter and Queues like MQ, AQ and JMS Queues in the Interfaces developed.

	Used Quartz Scheduler to schedule the BPEL processes and customized the CRON expression.

	Designed and developed Generic Error Handling Interface with systematic notification across Enterprise and legacy applications using Oracle SOA Suite components (BPEL, ESB)

	Event handling and content based routing in Service Bus, Message transformation and Message mediation in Service Bus.

	Testing the message flows using SOAP-UI

	Made changes to the database to store the Patients details and developed necessary database Views implementing joins and triggers to show the history and current status of the patient details.

	Written PLSQL stored procedures to handle complex queries made by physicians to track the medical history of the patients. 

	Created JMS connection pool, connection Factory and hooked up the connection with the data-source to create the JNDI used for JMS queues.

	Monitored the process flows on enterprise manager console to follow up the transactions and made timely changes in the DVM lookup files if required.

	

	Environment: Oracle SOA10g, BPEL, OSB, ADF10g, Mediator, Oracle 10g, SQL/PLSQL, MQ Adapter, 

	DB Adapter, File Adapter, MDS, Quartz Scheduler, Java/J2EE, XML, SOAP, WSDL, XSLT, Web Services, B2B Adapter, Jdeveloper 10g.

	

Wipro Technologies									Nov 2006 - Aug 2007

Senior SOA Developer

	

	Amway is a direct selling company that uses network marketing to sell a variety of products, primarily in the health, beauty, and home care markets. Amway conducts business through a number of affiliated companies in more than a hundred countries and territories around the world.

	

	Responsibilities:

	Designed and developed BPEL processes to integrate Oracle Applications (E-Business Suite) Supply Chain Module with external applications for inbound transactions. 

	Developed BPEL process using Database Adapters, File Adapters, FTP Adapter and Oracle Open Interface. This Orchestrated BPEL Process had process activities like data conversion, transformation and fault handling, etc.

	Designed and developed the application User Interface using Oracle ADF and monitored the application and BPEL process using SOA suite.

	Invoked BPEL process from ADF, exposing the selected methods in the Application module as a Web service.

	Developed and Tested BPEL processes that contain error handling to capture the Remote and Binding faults. 

	Made Business rules to allow user to have the flexibility to change the business flow according to the load of business using the rule table in business rule activity.

	Implemented Oracle Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) and integrated with BPEL. 

	Extensively used Fault and Error handling capabilities (Catch and Catch All), Synchronous and Asynchronous processes, Transformations, XSD, XSLT and X Path

	Written extensive SQL programming – query, sub-query, joins, pl/sql, exception handling

	Involved in writing java web services and consuming BPEL/ESB services

	

	Environment: Oracle SOA10g, BPEL, ESB, ADF10g, Oracle 10g, SQL/PLSQL, MQ Adapter, DB Adapter, File Adapter, MDS, Quartz Scheduler, Java/J2EE, XML, SOAP, WSDL, XSLT, Web Services, B2B Adapter, Jdeveloper 10g.

	

Mahindra Satyam									Mar 2005 - Sept 2006

Oracle Fusion/ADF Consultant

	

	This project is executed for the client Mahindra Satyam. The objective of the Fusion Middleware Rating Portal is to develop a framework where the Associates can be rated based on their competencies 

	

	Responsibilities:

	Analyzed the requirements in User requirements document.

	Completed effectively the modules assigned to me like Rating an associate, edit rating, search associate using ADF.

	Involved in java programming related to JSP, core java, servlets.

	Developed server side code– servlets, http protocols, states, session got exposed to JMS and other network protocols in this project

	Used ADF-BC components like Entity Objects, View Objects, Application Module, View Links to connect to the database as a data layer and interact with user interface.

	Implemented Global Navigation,

	Followed the naming conventions and coding standards.

	Designed and developed BPEL Error Report using BI publisher to send emails to the technical and business groups

	Prepared Technical Specification Documents using AIM Methodology

	Use of Oracle Tutor to create Desk Manuals and Student/Instructor Guides and Creation of scenarios that facilitate integration of business processes/policies with the application.

	

	Environment: Oracle SOA10g, ADF10g, Oracle 10g, SQL/PLSQL, Java/J2EE, XML, Web Services, B2B Adapter, Jdeveloper 10g.



Education

B.S., Computer Information Technology



Technical Skills 

	Databases:			Oracle11g/10g/9i/XE

	Languages:			Java/J2EE, BPEL, BPM, XML, XSLT, SQL, PL/SQL. 

	Middleware:			Oracle SOA Suite 10g/11g, Oracle BPEL, BPM, ESB, OSB 

	Operating systems:		UNIX, Windows XP/7/Vista. 

	Web related:			SOA-BPEL, BPM, ESB, Web Services, HTML, ADF, CSS, SOAP, WSDL

	Application Servers:          	Tomcat, Weblogic, OC4J

	Tools:				JDeveloper10g/11g, Eclipse, BPM Suite, Net Beans (5.0), SOA suite,

							SOAPUI, MQ Explorer, TOAD, Dreamweaver, TFS(version control)

	

Certifications & Memberships



	OCA (Oracle Certified Associate)						       December 2007

	Active member in Oracle Technology Network.				       2008 - Present



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Shravan Kumar	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 7 of 7\n
RESUME



HARI PRASAD.B	                                                                  Phone: +1-480 524 2919	                             

WebLogic Admin                                                                 E-Mail: hariprasad009@gmail.com

           



Objective

						  

	Challenging environments to improve career prospects in Higher Level and contribute to the growth of the organization. Prefer to take up challenging position in System administration.



Educational Qualification

	Bachelor of Technology with 70.30% from Sri Venkateswara University, Tirupati, AP, INDIA.

	Intermediate with 69.00% from board of Intermediate education, AP, INDIA.

	10th with 55.00% from board of SSC, AP, INDIA



Summary

	Having more than 8 years of experience in WebLogic Server Administration Experience on Communicating and Coordinating with clients 

	Around 3 years of experience in SOA Suite Administration.

	Having good knowledge on Solaris and shell scripting.

	Having fair Experience in MQ (IBM) Administration.

	Good interpersonal skills, committed, result oriented, hardworking with a quest and zeal to learn new technologies.



Professional Experience

Working as a Technical Lead (Middleware Administrator) for Tata Consultancy Services from November 2014 to till date

Worked as a Senior Associate (Internally designated as Associate Operational Manager) for Cognizant from Feb 2009 to November 2014.

Worked as Senior Specialist Systems for HCL COMNET from June 2008 to Jan 2009.

	Worked as Software engineer for Birla Soft India Pvt Ltd from August 2007 to June 2008. 



Strengths

	Achievement oriented with excellent people management skills and an ability to manage change with ease

	Proven Strength in problem solving, analysis.

	Sincere worker and a willing learner, Confident & Optimistic.

	

Computing Skills

	OPERATING SYSTEMS  :     Windows-XP, 2000, Solaris 9/10, Linux 9 and 10.

	DATABASES		        :    Oracle 9i/10g.

	WEB DEVELOPMENT      :    Servlet, JSP, HTML.

APPLICATION SERVER  :    BEA Weblogic8.1, 9.2, 10.3, 11g, Tomcat 8.0.x, Oracle 				   Fusions Middleware 11g Administration, Oracle BTM Server, 

	WEBSERVER                  :    Apache 2.0, 2.2 and Iplanet 6.1, IIS 6.5 and 7.0

	Tools /Technologies     :    UC4, Site Scope, Wily, Shell Scripting

	Deployment Tools         :    Cruise Control, Lunt build

	Repository tools            :    Start Team, SVN, perforce, 

 

Job Description & Working Strength:



Around 8+ years of IT experience in Weblogic Application server administration on UNIX, Red Hat LINUX, SUN Solaris, IBM AIX and Windows 98/2000/NT/XP environments.

Experienced in various versions of Oracle WebLogic servers like 8.1, 9.2 10g and 11g

Experience in Installing, Configuring and Administering WebLogic Server on various multiple Operating Systems.

Experienced with different operating systems including Red Hat Linux, Sun Solaris 8, 9 and 10, Linux, and Windows (2000 and 2003). 

Deploying various WAR, JAR, EAR and J2EE applications on managed servers and in clustered environment using Console or auto deploying scripts.

Experienced in supporting different IT processes followed by ITIL framework

Experienced in creating, configuring and tuning domains, managed servers, nodes, node mangers, clusters in WebLogic application server for performance including troubleshooting and maintenance.

Installing and creating SOA and OSB Domain as per the project requirements.

Strong knowledge of JDBC Connection Pool configuration with MySQL, SqlServer and Oracle.

Strong knowledge of server performance tuning involving Thread Dump Analysis and Memory leaks to analyze the uneven server crashes.

Expertise in writing scripts to handle complex automation/administration using Shell scripting.

Expertise in configuring Web Logic Plug-ins for Apache Web Server and configured load balancing and fail-over solutions.

Experienced with monitoring and analyzing resources, Standard logs, application logs and domain logs.

Well versed with troubleshooting environment and application issues using BEA WLS support patterns as the standard methodology and provide root cause summary to application stakeholders.

Expertise in Managing and Monitoring the JVM Performance by adjusting WebLogic heap size and garbage collection parameter and tuning JVM heap size to maximize the number of clients accessing the applications.



PROJECT DETAILS

Project#1:

Duration:  November 2014 to Today

Organization: Tata Consultancy Services

Client: Silicon Valley Bank

Environment: WebLogic, SOA, OSB version 11g, Oracle BTM, Coherence, MQ and Linux

Tools		         : Perforce, Service now, nolio

Description:



Silicon Valley Bank is one of the major commercial bank for companies in Hardware, Software, Life Science & Healthcare, Venture Capital, Private Equity and Premium Wine industries. Silicon Valley Bank provides comprehensive services of Financing Solutions, Treasury Management, International Banking, Valuations, Funds Management, Private Baking, and Connections & Research to its clients worldwide.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Installing WebLogic, SOA Servers, Apache, Tomcat and BTM Servers as per the project needs.

Managing Environments like non production and Production

Configure & Manage JDBC, JMS, JNDI, and SNMP as per the project requirements.

Deploying the applications as per the business requirements.

Create and analyze Thread Dumps

Managing WebLogic Server Health Status.

Configuring and Managing BTM Monitoring and scheduler.

Providing End to End Support of Middleware Administration.

Coordinating with different stake holders during the release days, setting up bridges, opening chat windows and inviting all the stake holders to provide one platform for communication among all.

Mentoring onsite and offshore resources to meet client’s expectations by picking up problems, issues, user’s request and follow up till resolution. 

Regular sessions conducting to explain the application functionality and help troubleshooting any complex and high priority issues.

ITIL process framework implementation in simplifying the process of support project by defining SLA’s and meeting goals and results with most effectiveness.





Project#2:

Duration                : (June 2013 to November 2014)

Organization         : Cognizant Technology Solutions

Client                     : Tucson Electric Power

Environment         : Java, Servlets, JSP, Weblogic 10.3, Solaris, UC4, Oracle CC&B 2.2

Tools		         : Advisor monitoring tool, UC4

Description:

Tucson Electric Company is part of Unisource Company and providing Electric and Gas power to the consumers in Southern American states like Arizona. TEP Customer application is the product where we were involved in Billing for the Customer as per the Customer Service Agreement. Oracle Utility Tool Customer Care and Billing is used to generate the work flow as per the Bill Cycle. On Daily Basis Meter reads will be collected and sent for billing and Payment information will be recorded to the data base, and next bill cycle or meter read information will be sent to Field order to collect the information from the customer. TEP also has the Fixed network meter read where as CC&B can read the meter read for the Fixed Network meters using a third party toll called Itron MDM. Full Bill Cycle will be generated and utilized in this project as per the business requirements.



Roles and Responsibilities:

Installing WebLogic Servers as per the CC&B requirements

Managing Environments like non production and Production

Installing, configuring, and administering of BEA WebLogic Application Server and Configuring WebLogic Server for CC&B product

Configure & Manage JDBC, JMS, JNDI, and SNMP in WebLogic Server.

Deploying the applications as per the business requirements.

Create and analyze Thread Dumps

Managing WebLogic Server Health Status.

Configuring and Managing UC4 schedulers.

Providing End to End Support of Middleware Administration.

Coordinating with different stake holders during the release days, setting up bridges, opening chat windows and inviting all the stake holders to provide one platform for communication among all.

Mentoring onsite and offshore resources to meet client’s expectations by picking up problems, issues, user’s request and follow up till resolution. 

Regular sessions conducting to explain the application functionality and help troubleshooting any complex and high priority issues.

ITIL process framework implementation in simplifying the process of support project by defining SLA’s and meeting goals and results with most effectiveness.



Project#3:

Duration               : November 2010 to April 2013

Organization         : Cognizant Technologies Solutions

Client                     : WYNDHAM RCI

Environment         : Java, Servlets, JSP, Weblogic 10.1/11g, Solaris, SOA Suite  and OSB

Tools		          : Cruise Control, Wily Monitoring Tool, SVN



Description:

RCI-Wyndham Worldwide Corporation providing endless vacation retails (resorts), various hospitality products and services to individual consumers and business customers. This has a large testing environment and production environment with around 50 applications. The scope of the project is to provide testing services like system, integration and regression across these applications. Provide patch/release deployment & technical integration support. Provide support on debug and fix of the problem root cause. Perform performance test automation. Help the client mature its testing & overall processes to reduce the rework cost and to improve service delivery.



Roles and Responsibilities:

Responsible for deployment of patches/releases for a set of applications using WebLogic 10.3 as application server on Solaris/ Linux platform. 

Building a new application released by developers into the test environment and then to Production environment. 

Installation of WebLogic binaries, creation of WebLogic domain, configuration of all resources and then maintaining the environment build.

Responsible for web server installation and maintenance. Handling web methods administration and deployment of packages through web methods admin console.

Responsible for implementing the change request within SLA defined and delivers it without errors.

Attending and resolving to the incident tickets raised. Monitoring server health on regular basis. Support to the development and all the test teams.

Generating reports based on performance measurement of the environment to track for any performance tuning, if required.

Co-ordination with the development and testing teams. 

Co-ordination with oracle / Sun for any issues and support cases raised.



Project#4:

Duration               : December 2010 to November 2010

Organization         : Cognizant Technologies Solutions

Client                     : PHH Mortgage 

Environment          : Java, Servlets, JSP, Weblogic 8.1, 10.3, 11g, SOA Suite, OSB, Linux and Solaris.

Tools		          : Start Team, Lunt build, Sites scope, 

Team Size              :  7



Description:

This project involves different application developments which are used to deliver mortgage-lending process from the initial marketing campaign through the delivery of the completed loan package to the investor institution. PHH Middleware AVM project involves setting up new applications, performance tuning of existing applications, security modules and space Management solutions for different applications. PHH Mortgage uses different technologies to develop these applications. We are providing the technology solutions using Cognizant proprietary software tools, quality assurance standards and procedures along with other third party tools. We use different tools like Messaging systems, WLS, Web Servers, Hyperion, idos, ALES and such other middleware technologies along with Cognizant proprietary software tools. These applications are developed in a clustered environment to give the high performance and availability.





Roles and Responsibilities:

Installation and Configuration of WebLogic on Linux Platform

Understand and implement WebLogic operations

Clustering WebLogic Servers

Deployment of application in Production and Development environments

Handling client calls to provide the solutions for the clients.

Creating new domains in different versions of WebLogic.

Monitoring and maintaining the applications.

Communicating and coordinating with UNIX and network teams to run the applications without issues.

Training the clients, as and when required



Project#5:



Duration	         : February 2009 to September 2009

Organization         : Cognizant Technologies Solutions

Client                     : Deustche Bank

Environment          : Java, Servlets, JSP, Weblogic 8.1/9.2, Linux.

Team Size              :  9

Description:

This project deals with number of clients who hosted their applications in the DeustcheBank Application Platform(DAP). All the Clients who deployed their applications should have to use DAP to trigger any control action on their WebLogic domain like restart of servers, configuring properties etc. To provide the security for applications and to avoid the issues on the environment we will create promotion pathways from int to uat and from uat to prod. This will carry the code and other configurations like connection pool, JMS and other resources. In other environments apart from int, clients doesn’t have access, they can only promote their application. When they promote the application it will pick the config.xml from source environment and it will change the required details like hostname, port number. We (DAP Admin team) are the point of contact to create the domains, upgrade the domains and changing the weblogic versions, setting the Heap size and decommissioning the domains. Clients can come to DAP support for any kind of weblogic problems and DAP related problems. DAP has to provide the solution for their problems.



Roles and Responsibilities:

Installation and Configuration of Weblogic on Linux Platform

Understand and implement Weblogic operations

Clustering Weblogic Servers

Deployment of application in Production and Development environments

Handling client calls to provide the solutions for the clients.

Creating new domains in different versions of weblogic.

Monitoring and maintaining the applications.

Communicating and coordinating with UNIX and network teams to run the applications without issues.

Training the clients, as and when required



Project #6:

Duration	         : June 2008 to January 2009

Organization          : HCL COMNET

Client                      : Deustche Bank

Environment          : Java, JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Weblogic 8.1 Oracle 9i, Solaris9, MQ 6.0,

  WebMethods 6.1

Team size               : 8

Description:

            The project is mainly deals with payment process of banks. We have 3 layers in Environment called access layer which will deals with the end user, middle layer which will deals with payments after receiving the messages from access layer and this will send it to the Back end layer, and Back end layer is one which will maintain the database details of every Customer. Prisma will play the role in Middle Layer, here in prisma we have 5 weblogic domains and 10 webmethod instances.Weblogic domains are called as inbound, inbound conversion, pay, outbound and outbound conversion. One of the Webmethods instance with name will receive the message from the Access Layer Through MQ.Inbound will receive the messages from the Access layer through the Web methods Integration server and it will Check for the preauthentication and pre authorization, if the message is not authenticated it will send for preauthentication. After the authentication of message it will come into the inbound conversion and here the message will split into small units and this message converted into the unique data base format and it will send it to the pay domain. This pay domain will process the messages for the Payment process and it will send it to the Out bound conversion. Outbound Conversion will take this messages and it will Check for the availability of the payment and transaction limit of the payment, if payment availability and transaction limits are available it will process this message to the Outbound. Outbound will send these messages to the Back end and transaction will mark as completed in prisma domain.



Responsibilities: 



	Installation and Configuration of WebLogic on Solaris Platform

	Understand and implement WebLogic operations

	Maintenance of the project

	Clustering WebLogic Servers

	Deployment of application in Production and Staging environments

	Configuring the WebMethods instances and Clustering the Instances.

	Monitoring the Servers, MQ and Webmethods Integration Server.



Project #7:



Duration	          : August 2007 to June 2008

Organization	:  Birla Soft India Pvt Ltd.

Client			:  GE Consumer Finance (GE Money)

Environment		: Java, JSP, Servlet, JDBC, WebLogic 8.1, and Oracle 9i, Solaris 9

	Team size		: 7	

	Description: 

	

                  The project is a very big credit card application which is being used by around 7000 customer care representatives around the globe. The application is owned by GE Money. It’s a web application build on Java web components platform in which I am a Weblogic server administrator. This is the application to know about all the details of credit card holder regarding the bill payment and the bill payable by the Customer By logging to the site with the Authenticated SSO(Single Sign On) Here in this project Customer Service and Collections are two domains which is used to maintain the data of the Credit Card Bill details and Payment details for each and every user. And also we have domain for PLT and Main Stream for performance load testing and the for the IRs Before the code is moving to the Production.

Responsibilities:

Creating new domains as per the requirements in Development and PLT.

Installing WebLogic 8.1/9.2 on Solaris 9/10.

Deploying the application and clustering the Environment as per the project requirements.

Creating connection Pools and JMS Servers and Queues.

Maintaining Security issues.





Personal Details

									

Marital Status		: Married

Sex		           	: Male

Date of Birth                    : 01 may 1983

Nationality                  	: Indian

Visa Status			: H1B

Languages known      	: English, Telugu, Hindi.

	                  

Date:

Station: Tucson                                                                         Hari prasad. B

			

					    Hari Prasad Badiginchala                                                                                            Resume\n
Yilin Wang

9530 Baltimore Ave. Apt 346A • College Park, MD 20740 • 812.369.7701• yilin.wang2@rhsmith.umd.edu



EDUCATION



Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD                                           December 2017

Master of Science in Information System 						           GMAT: 710    GPA: 3.32/4.00

Indiana University, Kelley School of Business, Bloomington, IN 	 				                      2015

Bachelor of Science in Business, Major: Finance & Technology Management				      



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



BACS Stores INC., Houston, TX                                                                                                                                 2015 – 2016

Assistant Manager

Created company’s O2O business process and online platform by working with three others, allocated labor resources, capital and time efficiently, built up customers’ database, and contacted with 12 local businesses

Analyzed customers’ consumption habit, basing on more than 2,000 customers’ record and customers’ information collected from another similar business, and designed marketing strategy and optimize online platform

Achieved more than $28.2k cash inflow and more than 500 new registered users within two months since online platform went public

Operated a new restaurant, including inventory management, standard processes in kitchen, and managed five part-time and two full-time employees



We Car Auto Group, Boston, MA      								           2014 – 2015

Sales Agent

Analyzed all information, including auto’s characteristic, customers’ request and budget, company’s advantages, and competitors, advised optimized options to customers, and achieved selling three cars per month on average 

Compared the auto price to the market price, and updated information of autos daily, including price, stock and status, classified more than 400 customers’ information for future business

Contributed to gathering information from more than nine university with other agents, and provided adjusted price 



The Gresham Cafeteria, Bloomington, IN								           2014 – 2015

Part-time Employee

Collaborated with other 12 part-time students workers efficiently, especially during peak dining hours, and providing trainings for newly-hired part-time students

Supervised the cafeteria to ensure smooth work process, efficient food inventory and pleasant dining area serving over 225 students during a shift

Maintained effective communication among three managers and six supervisors to optimize work efficiency



China Everbright Bank, Heilongjiang, China								         2013

Investment Consultant

Studied with financial products in previous six months, categorized 30 financial products back to documentation 

Presented three newest financial products to over 100 customers, recommended appropriate option to customers depending on investment amount, risk tolerance, and period

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE

X-Power Dancing Association – Indiana University						                          2012 – 2013

Vice President of Marketing

Organized two call-out meetings, recruited more than 25 new students, and increased total members to 50

Designed and distributed more than five posters with two associates across IU campus to promote the association, public shows and performance

Prepared more than three holiday parties partnered with Kappa Gamma Delta (KGD), D-Force dancing association, and IUCSSA, and hosted more than 200 students through all activities



ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Photoshop | Tableau | Excel | SQL | Python | Mandarin\n
Nahed Kadih                          Falls Church VA, 22044, USA

Email: nkadih@yahoo.com 
Mobile: +1-703-677-5581




Objective 

I am seeking a challenging opportunity in the field of Information Technology where I can fully utilize my skills in system architecture, development and implementation of highly complex and mission critical software applications. 


Technical skills 

.Net, ASP.NET, C#, VB.NET, C++, MVC4, WFC, JavaScript, JQuery 1.11, JSON, HTML5, TFS. 

Oracle 11G/9i, MS SQL 2008/2012, MongoDB, OLAP, Data Warehousing, Business Objects.

Drupal 7.24, Electronic Data Processing (EDP), Documentum 4i, DQL, DFC, Workflows, ACLs

SDLC, COTS Integration, Visio, VSS, PVCS, Agile (Scrum), Macromedia Flash and Fireworks

Security system integration - CCTV, video, access control, RPMs and ground sensors. 

Extensive knowledge in developing accounting and financial application - JD Edward AP/AR/FI/GL.

Four years of experience in Energy/Nuclear systems development.



Professional Experience 

Senior .Net Web Developer at Government Of District Of Columbia , Washington, DC   	    8/2012 – Current 
Environment: .Net, C#, MVC4, SharePoint 2013, Web Parts, SQL 2012, JQuery 1.8 ,HTML5, Web API.

	Responsible for implementing the agency wide records and document management system. The       
    system goal is to manage more than ten millions of document objects in the government repository system. The    
    system provides the facility to attach, route, search documents.

	Assured enterprise application integration by selecting tools, specifying shared data and code resources, 
    defining interfaces and workflows.

	Work effectively with our internal and external customers to migrate the agency legacy tax system to 
    up-to-date SOA architecture

	Applied best design patterns such as n-tier, MVVM, Repository, and Singleton for designing key 
   reusable components, Involved in designing BI reporting system.

	Working in integrating the system to SharePoint 2013 using SharePoint webparts and workflows.


	Senior .Net Consultant at Booz Allen Hamilton/NSCS, Washington, DC                                   06/2011– 06/2012

Environment: .Net, ASP.NET, C#, WCF, SQL 2008.

	Designed and Developed core application components for the Criminal Investigation Management 
   System. CIMS is a tool for tracking the status and progress of IRS Criminal Investigation. 

	Created Web Services to meet client requests to allow remote application to communicate with CIMS. 
   Participated in design meetings to determine system requirements and determine design of components. 

	Provided object-oriented design, analysis, programming, and implementation for web applications with 
   the .NET Framework (3.5 - 4.0) using both Web Forms and MVC4

	Reviewed application code for security flaws, addressed OWASP Top 10 vulnerabilities. Made 
   recommendations for implementing SSDLC. Raised internal awareness for secure coding practices.

	Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame using 
  SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).



Sr. Application Developer at IBM-Global Business Services, Washington, DC                           11/2010 – 06/2011

Environment: .Net, ASP.NET, WCF, SQL 2008, Ajax. 

Working closely with TSA NDO (National Deployment Office) system analysts to translate requirements into .Net technology solutions to create online browser-based Personnel Deployment system. 

Modified existing web application utilizing the tenets of Web 2.0 and multi/n-tier architecture. Written automated SQL scripts to migrate legacy data to SQL database.



Sr. Programmer Analyst Lead at Computer Science Corporation (CSC), Washington, DC   	   8/2009– 08/2010

Environment: .Net, VB.NET, ASP.NET, Windows Services,  SQL 2008, SSRS, XML, TFS, VS2008, ConnectShip

Developed and managed requirements and system design for SMI (Secure Mail Initiative). 

Performed necessary SMI integrations with FTPSecure COTS.

Performed ConnectShip system evaluation and software recommendation.(COTS)

Audited and reviewed thousands lines of source code in .NET, ASP and C#. Found and helped remediate Software Security Vulnerabilities including social security numbers, SQL injection, Cross Site scripting, Stored Cross Site Scripting, Buffer Overflows, Improper use of Cryptography, Malicious code and various other vulnerabilities.


Sr. Application Developer at Serco Inc. – North America, Washington, DC   		               07/2008 – 8/2009

Environment: .Net, C#, ASP.NET, WinForms, Windows Services, Oracle 9i, Crystal Reports, SharePoint 2007

Contributed in design and development of CAS for Department of Energy. The CAS provides the capability to accept, process, display and store data from radiation portal monitors (RPM), NII machines and Cameras.

Engaged in the development and implementation of intelligent traffic system devices, including traffic signals and lighting, traffic control systems, traffic sensors components to be integrated with CAS.. 

Ensured all assigned applications and systems have appropriate security and meet audit requirements. 


Software Developer at Catapult Technologies Consulting, Inc., Washington-DC    	             07/2007 – 05/2008

Environment: .Net, ASP.NET, VB.NET, Oracle 9i, PL/SQL, SSRS, Crystal Reports and PVCS

Led the development cycle of CMRIS web application. (Comprehensive Management Resources Information System) to keep track of all FAA personal education and certifications requirements.

Designed and developed project elements, including but not limited to templates, user interfaces. Database schema design, created stored procedures and views. 

Assisted in troubleshooting and resolution of database issues.

  

Senior .Net Developer at InfiCare.  Reston-VA           				     	             06/2006 – 7/2007

Environment: .Net, VB.NET, Oracle.

	Designed and implemented the architectural prototypes and proofs of concept of ARMS (Authorized Representatives Management System) web system to keep track of all company dealers and locations. ARMS developed to replace the Nextel and Sprint Legacy Applications

	Performed data migration from company legacy systems to ARMS 


Application Developer at Isoterix, Inc., Woodbridge, VA                                		            08/2004 – 05/2006                                                                 

Environment: .Net, C#, ASP.NET, IIS6, VS 2003, SQL2000, Visio, Rational Rose

Led the development cycle of the Lilo procurement system, the system was created with the goal of creating an improved communications mechanism between the DLA (Defense Logistics Agency) and their vendors. Prepared the use requirements specifications.

Contributed in the presentation and business logic tiers web development cycle of Lilo using Application Blocks Navigation Technology. The system integrated with LDAP and directory services



Business System Analyst at Saudi Aramco, AL-Khobar- KSA  	                                          07/2001-07/2004

Environment: ASP.NET, VB.NET, C#, Documentum 4i, WDK, DFC, DQL,VB6.0,  J2EE, Crystal Reports 9.0, Intergraph, Oracle 8.0, Toad, Erwin, UML, Rational Rose

		Developed Exception Items Management System (EIMS) to log, track, and close exception items for Qatif & 
     AbuSafah refinery project execution and maintenance. EIMS is an enterprise web application developed to 
     replace an existing legacy system.. 

		Performed EIMS database design, configuration parameters, configured SQL Server Clients. Developed and 
     implemented DBA maintenance plan.  Daily monitoring of MS SQL Server activity, error logs, NT event logs, 
     space usage and security, Developed and tested a backup and disaster recovery Plan.

		Performed Documentum 4i administration duties including installation, configuration, maintenance, tuning and 
     back-up, recovery and security. Customized workflows, users and group management, multiple site hosting and 
     website Publishing & Administration.

		Developed application to keep track of department work orders, services and invoices. Synchronized data with 
    Aramco Corporate Accounting System, Implemented a mechanism to import legacy database from LiveLink into 
    Documentum DocBase using DQL and DFC



C++ Programmer at Q-Tech - Orlando, FL       	    					08/1994 – 04/2001

	Enhanced existing real-time software of INFINTI hotel reservation system to accommodate multiple languages 
   and facilitate remote reservations. Designed INFINTI level security system to prevent unauthorized creation, 
   editing or deletion guest information.

	Enhanced Reservation, Billing and Summary Report modules of the property management system (PMS).

	Developed customized and batch utilities to migrate AMOS-D daily transactions to Disney World Cruise JD 
   Edward AP/AR/FI Modules.


Education and Certifications 
University  Of Central Florida, Orlando, FL
Master of Science in Computer Science, August 1996 (32/34Hrs Completed)
                               
Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT), Allahabad

Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science, September 1991



PC-Professor Technical Institute, Boca Raton, Florida

Master Microsoft Certified Solutions (MCSD) Developer Training workshop (01/2001)

Microsoft Certified Professional – MS SQL 7.0 Database.


Atos-Origin – Khobar, Saudi Arabia (02/2002)

Documentum Development Training workshop

Honors & Awards          
Serco Inc. - Excellence of The Year - Enterprise Solutions

Interpersonal Skills 

		 Independent; work with minimal supervision.

		 Ability to think clearly and quickly learn and apply new technologies.


Citizenship: U.S.                                         Clearance: Public Trust - Interim Level.\n
Vikram Mattepalli	       

			                                        Email: Peoplesofthcm2016@gmail.com

						Summary

Over 9+ years of progressive IT experience as a PeopleSoft Techno functional consultant.

				Strong knowledge in developing and customizing PeopleSoft HR, Time and Labor, Absence Management, Leave Accrual Processing, Benefits, e-Benefits, Benefits Administration, Payroll Applications. 

			Strong Understanding and expertise in People Soft Internet Architecture, Fit-gap Analysis and performing Tuning/Upgrades on Vanilla versions.

				Proven Analytical and Technical skills with customer focus in providing solutions adhering to robust Information Technology practices.

				Led client through the implementation and integration of Time Link Biometric Clocks.

	Strong Understanding and expertise in Component Interfaces, SQR, People Code, Application Engine, People Soft Internet Architecture, Business Interlinks, Fit-gap Analysis and performing Tuning/Upgrades on Vanilla versions.

	Expertise in implementing standard testing methodologies Unit System, and Integration, Parallel, Performance, User, Acceptance and Regression Testing

Professional Skills:

Operating Systems:    UNIX, DOS, Windows XP, Windows NT, Windows 98.
Languages:  People Code, HTML, PL/SQL, SQR 

	People Tools: 8.14/8.55 -Application Designer, Data Mover, Process Scheduler, Import Manager, Workflow, Application Engine, Application Security.

	PS FSCM Module: General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, e-       procurement, Purchase Order, Billing, Asset management, Inventory. Projects Costing.

	Functional Area: HCM –Workforce Administration, Base Benefits, Benefits Administration, NA Payroll, Employee Self Service(ESS), Manager self Service(MSS), ePay, Payroll, e benefits, eDevelopment, Time and labor.

	Development Tools: Application Designer, People Code, Data Mover, Application Engine.

	Reporting Tools:  SQR, PS/query, BI/XML Publisher, PS/n vision.

	Testing Tools: HP Quality center.

	Databases:   Oracle , MS SQL 7.0, SQL Base and MS Access

							

							

							Education:

						Masters of Science/2007















Professional Experience:



Clients: State Accounting Office, State of Georgia (SAO)                    Sep-2016 to Present

Role: PeopleSoft HCM Analyst

Environment:

         People tools 8.54, 8.55, PeopleSoft HCM 9.1/9.2, HR, Payroll, Time and Labor, Benefits, ACA,Fluid,SQR, Application Engine, SQL, People code, Crystal Reports, Oracle 11g.

Project description. Worked on the upgrade of the existing PeopleSoft HCM system from version 9.1 to 9.2. The upgrade handled a population of 8,000 employees. In additional to the upgrade Fluid functionality as well as ACA were implemented on PeopleSoft HCM 9.2

Implemented Fluid functionality on PeopleSoft HCM 9.2 for candidate gateway.

Set up and configured the system to handle Administer adding a person to the workforce, Manage workforce data and Administer country-specific functionality.

Configured a number of new features delivered in PeopleSoft HCM 9.2 with respect to Payroll, Benefits and HR. 

Implementing Time clock interface, tests on newly developed pay rules, troubleshoots existing pay rule configurations, opens tickets as needed with  Global support, troubleshoots 460, 480 and 4500 time clock connectivity and configuration issues, creates best practice configuration suggestions to external customers, and implements and approves changes in a timely manner.

Installed, configured, and test workforce Central which include expertise in Workforce Forecasting, Scheduling, & Time Capture, Workforce Timekeeper, Accruals.

Created in depth documentation which included Business requirement documentation, Design documents, Configuration documents

Resolved multiple payroll issues related to Earnings codes, Earnings programs, Garnishments, Deductions, as well as payroll processes like Pay calc, Load to Time and Labor and Pay confirm.

Reviewed time clock, fixed miss-punches, and prepared payroll for processing.

Defined and configured Eligibility Rules, Event Rules, Flexible Credits, Benefit Plans and Benefit Programs.

Configured and set up ACA and successfully generated the files to be transmitted to IRS.



Client: State of Delaware, Dover, DE                                                         Sep-2015 – Sep-2016

Role: PeopleSoft Time and Labor/Absence Management Consultant

							Environment:

							People Tools v8.46 Sp1, HRMS version 9.2, Time & Labor, Manager Self Service, Employee Self Service, Payroll, SQR, Application Engine, SQL, People code, Crystal Reports, Oracle 8i, Windows NT  

							Project Description:

							      Implemented PeopleSoft Time and Labor 9.2 for employees at the State of Delaware. The implementation included implementing PeopleSoft HCM for a population of around 11,000 employees. Actively involved in defining the Test strategy and developing a road map for testing

							Responsibilities:

							Did initial analysis on System requirements and evaluated the existing Time entry system to come up with impact analysis, necessary customizations which would be required once the move to People soft Time and Labor would be accomplished.

							Developed Test Plans, test scripts and documented test scenarios using a number the PeopleSoft Test Framework (PTF), HP ALM(Quality Center).

Performed and analyzed SIT, Regression and Performance Testing using HP Load runner

Developed an email notification application, which would enable supervisors to approve employee hours once the employee hours are ready for approval.

Developed page customization on the Time entry screen, which would restrict Self Service employees from accessing specific Time Reporting Codes.

Developed, Customized as well debugged a number of Time and Labor Rules some of which included Holiday, Weekly Threshold, and Specific TRCs.

Debugged production issues related to the GL interface and Payroll not processing accurately.

Set up input and output data TCD systems did some configurations in integration broker and TCD (Time Collection Device) servers. Error handing and resolutions. 

Set up Compensatory Time plans, resolved issues related to employees using Comp Time.

Debugged issues related to Pay checks, Prior Period adjustments, Pay Calc, Pay Confirm.

Created new TRCs, Earnings Codes, Value Lists, TRC programs, Rule Programs, Workgroups, and Holiday Schedules.

Did end user training, which included Rule Development, Rule Migration best practices, Self Service for Time and Labor employees. 



Client: Salt Lake County, UT.   	                                                        Aug 2014– May2015

Role: PeopleSoft Time and Labor/Absence Management Techno Functional Consultant

							Environment:

							People Tools v8.46 Sp1, HCM 9.2, Time & Labor, Benefits, Payroll Query Manager, SQL, nVision, Crystal Reports, Oracle 8i, and Windows NT  

							Project Description:

							 Worked on a county wide implementation of People soft Time and Labor version 9.2. This implementation would be undertaking all state agencies, which are around 10,000 employees. 

							Responsibilities: 

	Set up Core Time and Labor set ups, which included Workgroups, Rule programs, and Value lists. Defined Holiday Schedules, Schedule calendars, TRC Programs and Time periods, which would be used in the Rules.

	Worked on requirement gathering, Fit Gap Analysis, creating Functional Design Documents for a number of complex Custom Rules, which take care of Holiday, Holiday premium, Call Back and Comp Time pay for state employees.

	Created Test scenarios, End User training procedures during the project cycle implementation

	Set up Time Period Calendars, Manager Time Calendar view options, Compensatory Time Plans

	Defined Exceptions, PeopleSoft Application Engine sections, Validation criteria, Override reason codes.

		Set up Calculation Elements, Eligibility rules, Accumulators, Schedules, Absences, Absence approvals and Delegations in Absence Management.

		Set up Triggers, Retroactive processing in PeopleSoft Absence Management.

	Worked on mapping the Time Reporting Codes to Earning Codes created Leave Plans, Benefit Plans as well Benefit Programs.

	Worked on Creating and Updating Static and Dynamic Groups.

	Enrolled Time Reporters into the System. Defined Badge Details, Group membership.

	Involved in setting up Row Security Permission Lists for employees enrolled in Time and Labor.

	    Worked on Defining TCD Setup Data, Data Elements to send to a TCD in the        PeopleSoft Time and Labor system. Involved in the System Integration and parallel testing of Time Tracking system Interfaces to PeopleSoft like Smart Track systems and Vice versa.

	Created Test Scripts which were used for System as well as Parallel Test cycles.

	Created a Master Documents identifying all the customizations that have been done to the People soft system.

Wrote a number of SQR Reports, which included delivered data as well custom records.

		Did extensive troubleshooting as well as tuning on the Time Admin process.

Client: U.S Census Bureau, Suitland, MD	                                          Jan2013 to May2014
Role: PeopleSoft Techno/Functional Consultant
Environment: PeopleSoft HCM 9.2, People tools 8.54, UNIX, Oracle 12 c
    The U.S. Census Bureau (Department of Commerce) serves as the leading source of quality about the nation's people and economy.  Census Bureau conducts the U.S. Census every ten years, which allocates the seats of the U.S. House of Representatives to the states based on their population. In addition to the decennial census, the Census Bureau continually conducts other censuses and surveys including the American Community Survey, the U.S. Economic Census, and the Population Survey.
Project 1:  Implement Base Benefits and Affordable Care Act as per OPM guidelines. Converted OPM guidelines to Business requirements for implementing Affordable Care Act.
Worked on setting up the Benefit rules, rates and plans for Medical, FSA, Long Term Care Setup the ACA Eligibility rules for Benefits Enrollment and Termination. Involved in testing the Interfaces to FEHB, OPM, RITS and GL. 
Project 2: Upgrade of Decennial Applicant, Personnel and Payroll system (DAPPS) PeopleSoft 9.0 to PeopleSoft 9.2.Performed End-to-End testing of Time and Labor and Payroll as part of PeopleSoft 9.2 upgrade. Ran payroll to test the tax updates and year end processing. Configured and tested the Treasury Interface and General Ledger to implement PAM as recommended by PeopleSoft. Tested the Equifax interface (formerly TALX).Involved in writing test cases and executed them in HP ALM. Requirement analysis of Census Test 2015/2016.

Client: Capital One Bank, Richmond, 					Aug2011 – Oct2012.

Role: PeopleSoft Techno/Functional Consultant 
Environment: PeopleSoft HCM 9.1, People tools 8.51, UNIX, Oracle 10g
Responsibilities:
     Capital One is a diversified bank that offers a broad array of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial Clients. Headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, Capital One® offers a broad array of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients in the U.S., Canada and UK. The Project was to move Payroll and Time & labor processes into PeopleSoft 9.1 from the current interface with ADP/Pro Business. The project was also to implement a new organizational structure and implement multiple pay policy changes.  

Conduct Fit/gap analysis of Capital One’s Time Entry System.  Analyze and implement conversion of Time Entry process from ADP eTime application to PeopleSoft Time and Labor.

Interacted with Business Users, vendors, QA, Operations Support, to understand the Business processes and provide solutions.

Configured the entire Time and Labor module from Installation setups to work groups, task groups, schedules, and Time Reporting templates.

Created State regulatory rules such as over time, holiday, leave rules and also custom rules.

Was involved in setting up Approval Workflow Engine (AWE) for Time and Labor and Proxy setups.

Worked on providing solution for customizations based on Business requirements.

Reported any functional gaps in existing applications and suggested business process improvements.

Evaluated the current system and provided strategic design in implementing PeopleSoft modules.

Involved in conversion of employee data from ADP to PeopleSoft.

Created various interfaces for third party vendors such as Aetna and also for internal vendors

Involved in Test plan preparation, create test cases. Was involved in system, integration, regression testing and UAT.



Magna Infotech.pvt.Ltd, Bengaluru, India.   				Dec 2008-Apr 2011

Role: PeopleSoft Techno functional Consultant

	Environment: 

	People Tools 8.51, HRMS version 9.1, Lotus Notes, Time and Labor, Payroll, Application Engine, Application Messaging, Workflow, People code, STAT.

Project: Implementation of FSCM 9.1 T&L

		Responsibilities:

Did FIT/GAP analysis against Lotus Notes to PeopleSoft Time & Labor and identified the Fits and Gaps.

Functionally proficient in Implementation, Customization, Maintenance, Interfacing, Reporting, Data Conversion, Integration Broker between Project Costing and T&L modules, Upgrade, Maintenance, 1099 Processing Production Support and Testing.

Involved in setting up of Time and Labor module. Responsible in mapping & maintaining of Lotus Notes earnings code to PeopleSoft T&L and NA Earnings code.

Produced Scripted-Demo document and presented to business users.

Involved in designing and creating Workgroups. Developed workgroups by categorizing employees according to their state.

Created Workgroups, Rule programs, Value lists. Defined Schedules, shift and Time periods. Build Calendar.

Involved in Configuration of Tasks and created Task Template, Task Profile and Task Groups, work group, TRC programs. Created Earnings codes and mapped them to TRC’s.

		   Generating a list of setup tasks for your organization based on the features of implementing..

Designed and Developed interface for transfer earnings codes and hours from the time keeping modules, Kronos and Blue cube, to PeopleSoft for Corporate Employees and Distribution Center Employees, and store employees.

Assisted with time and labor processes for time clock employees to prepare for HR rollout

Helped users in understanding the Time & Labor rules and how Time is calculated in PeopleSoft.

Set up Integration Broker services (such as gateways, nodes, services and service Operations etc.) for automatic updates between HR and FIN applications

Developed outbound interface SQRs for Benefits module to extract benefit/insurance information from PeopleSoft tables and send to respective vendors.

Worked on Custom TPAR, PAR modules and wrote several complex SQL’s. 









1\n
CHINMAY RAOTE
Risk Analyst

3402 Tulane Dr., #13, Hyattsville, MD 20783 | 240-535-7047
chinmayraote@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/chinmayraote

EDUCATION
Masters in Information Management (Current GPA: 3.78/4.0)
Expected May 2017
University of Maryland, College Park, MD

Courses: Data Analytics, Digging into Data, Data Visualization, Strategic Management, Capstone Project
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics (GPA: 3.9/4.0)
May 2013
University of Mumbai, India

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Risk Analyst Intern
June 2016 – Present
Airlines Reporting Corporation (ARC), Arlington, VA
Risk Management

Performed Risk assessment and plotted the heat map of Inherent vs Residual risk scores to continuously monitor risks.

Implemented the risk management system in Modulo (a GRC tool) to automate decision making for the Chief
Information Security Officer.

Driven evaluation of internal controls within the corporate security team to achieve industry compliance and
certification (ISO 27001, PCI v3.2 and CIS SANS TOP 20).

Collaborated with the Chief Risk Officer and the Chief Information Security Officer to identify control owners.

Identified and developed process changes based on Cyber security Capability Maturity Model and achieved level 3.
Business Organization Reconciliation

Performed asset inventory evaluation to enable program decisions by increasing metrics threshold.

Identifying and collaborating with business process owners to understand the business functions and assets in use.

Suggested and initiated a role based approach for the access management system.
Business Process Continuity

Facilitated business continuity planning to determine application and asset inventory resulting in architectural
improvements in technical infrastructure.

Involved in BIA (Business Impact Analysis) assessment, to identify critical systems and business processes.
Software Engineer | Business Intelligence Consultant
Aug 2013 - July 2015
Larsen & Toubro InfoTech Ltd, Mumbai, India
MIND Business Intelligence, HBO (Home Box Office)

Analyzed machine data coming from various locations using BI to perform analysis of shows in different regions.

Significantly reduced the loading time of reports by modifying SQL queries and manipulating metadata repository.

Completely automated data load transactions which helped increase efficiency and reduce time spent and manual
intervention in data loading.

Designed and developed role based dashboards using Oracle Business Intelligence that helped take efficient decisions.

Conducted requirement analysis, development of test cases for periodic roll-outs of reports and dashboards.

Presented weekly reports and delivery walkthroughs; constantly maintained Client Satisfaction Index at 4.7/5.0

Trained 10 new recruits in understanding HBO’s project domain and the business logic of MIND.

Successfully performed data migration of 4 Million records using PL/SQL.

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Data Analytics: Analyzing Traffic Accidents in US (NHTSA data)
2015

Performed data transformation then carried out descriptive and inferential statistics in R to explore trends in accidents.

Developed data models to identify correlations and performed advanced statistical analysis.
Data Science: Predicting Movie rating and viewership
2016

Created dashboards for the exploratory analysis in Tableau and R Shiny to understand the initial trends.

Developed a web scrapper to collect hashtag data from twitter to perform sentiment analysis.

Predicted ratings of upcoming movies at 92% accuracy using predictive analysis and machine learning techniques.

TECHNICAL SKILLS





Programming: C++, Embedded C, Visual C++, Java, J2EE, Java Struts 2.0, javascript, Hibernate, R, R Shiny, D3.js
BI Tools: Tableau, OBIEE (Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition)
Web Technology: HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript, JSP, XML, XSLT, Drupal 7
Database: SQL Server 2008, Teradata, Oracle Toad 10, MS Access

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE & AFFILIATIONS



Organized Education drive and initiative towards greener environment as a part of One Step-L&T’s CSR community. 2014
Awarded Scholarship throughout undergrad for academic excellence.
2009-2013

\n
Kiran Kumar

	WebLogic Administrator

	

	

	Around 7 years of Experience on Fusion Middleware Administration with work experience in Oracle SOA, OSB, BPEL, WebCenter, Weblogic, Websphere, OID etc. Experience working on both RedHat and Solaris platforms.

Summary:

	

Expert on WebLogic 12c,11g,10.x installation, configuration and troubleshooting environment issues on different OS

Designed, Implemented and managed Oracle Middleware Weblogic Cluster Configuration to support according to system requirements. 

Install and configure Oracle SOA suite, OSB, Oracle ADF, Oracle Webcenter Suite, UCM, OID and OAM integration. 

Experience working on WebLogic in a Solaris and Linux environment.

Developed the startup and shutdown scripts for the Weblogic and Apache servers.

Worked on Siteminder integrations with the applications. 

Configuring multiple Weblogic domains by using Configuration Wizard, WLST.

Experienced UNIX Shell Scripting.

ANT scripting for SOA composites deployment. 

Well versed in XML, XDS and XSLT technologies.

Strong knowledge in clustering JDBC connections.

Configured and monitored JMS in Weblogic server.

Good knowledge and Working experience in E-Commerce Environment.

Good Ticketing Working Experience with Remedy

Techniques to troubleshoot and fix the Out of memory issues.

Experience in clustering, developing and deploying the applications on multiple Weblogic Servers and maintaining failover, Load balancing and High availability.

Experience with JNDI, JDBC, JMS, EJB, JSP and Servlets.

Working experience in an enterprise system environment with large user base and mission critical application support.

Configure Node manager for administering the node servers.

Performance Tuning in Weblogic, Tuning for JMS.

Worked on Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid control for monitoring Weblogic and Fusion Middleware domains. 

Managing Weblogic Security and Security providers Authorization framework.

Database knowledge using Point base, SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle, Sybase and MS SQL Server, limited to simple queries and understanding of DB objects. 

Experience in JVM upgrade, configured and maintained JVM heap size monitored idle thread count, garbage collections, Performance Tuning at JVM, operating system and Weblogic server level.

Experience supporting mission critical applications in production.

Providing 24X7 support to applications and making sure the application is live with a 99.99% uptime.  





Techinical Summmary:

Operating Systems	          Sun Solaris8/9/10, Windows, LINUX
Application/Web Server       WLS 12c/11g/10.3/9.2/8.1,    

                               Sun One iPlanet Web Sever 6.0,  
                               Apache 2.x, OHS, IIS 5.0/6.0,    
                               Tomcat 5.5, Websphere 7.0.0                                                                                                                                                                                   

Scripting Languages	          WLST, Ant Script, UNIX Shell Script.
UNIX Shell Programming	Bash, Korn, Bourne and C-Shell
Databases                          SQL server, Oracle10g.	

   



Project Details:



AT&T, Bothell, WA

Middleware System Analyst						    May 14- Present



Installing, administering, configuring Weblogic on Redhat Linux

Administration experience in Apache, Tomcat, Iplanet and Webserver.

Configured JDBC, JMS, Web services, Security standards, LDAP & SSL.

Worked on Oracle SOA suite, WebCenter and Portal applications including installation from scratch.  

Worked on OSB installation and configuration. 

Experienced with automated and as well as manual build, ship and deploying code for an application. 

Deploying SOA composites and OSB projects using scipts. 

Worked on configuring OID with WebLogic Applications.

Integrating applications with Siteminder for SSO.  

Worked on Apache, OHS and Sunone Webserver configuration as proxy server to WebLogic applications. 

Experience with deployment tools such as Jenkins.

Experience working in clustered environments

Troubleshooting complex issues in multi-tiered applications and working with multiple teams to triage and issue and do root cause analysis. 

Experienced with UNIX/ Linux background

Heap dump analysis and environment log analysis

 Work with OS system administrators to resolve issues.

Work with multi-tiered teams to coordinate configuration and release management.

Extensive knowledge and experience with WLS/J2EE application monitoring, performance tuning, diagnostics and troubleshooting.

Environment: Oracle Webcenter suite 11g, Oracle UCM suite 11g, Oracle SOA suite 11g, Weblogic 12c,10.3.x, Windows NT, 2003,2008, IIS6.0 Web servers, External DMZ Servers,  F5 Load balancer







Enterprise rent-a-car, St.Louis,MO                                                     Aug’11- Apr 14

Middleware Weblogic /SOA System Admin
 

WebLogic environment build and automation with WLST build scripts. 

Custom deployment and start/stop scripts using WLST in conjunction with Shell and ANT scripts.

Responsible for every aspect of weblogic administration including but not limited to JDBC, node managers, JMS, security, work managers, WLDF 

Experience working with iplanet, IHS, and Apache Servers.

Siteminder user authentication setup with web server. 

Installation and configuration of Oracle SOA Cluster along with schema creation using RCU utility.

Installation and configuration or Oracle Service Bus with for configuring proxy services for SOA.

Adding projects with XML, XDS’s and WSDLs in Service bus console. 

Configuring Adaptors like DB, File and FTP adaptors with SOA suite.

Configuring OWSM policies in enterprise manager for username password authentication. 

Installation and configuration of Oracle Webcenter Portal suite and ADF as frontend. 

Setting up SSL at the web server and weblogic level.

Configuring Weblogic Domains with LDAP providers like OID and Active Directory. 

Proving production support and 24x7 oncall support for prod, pre-prod and QA environments 

Modifying any XML files and checking any errors related to XML and XSD’s. 

Setting up security at domain level, through siteminder, application level and weblogic level

Web architecture tuning for performance and user experience. Specializing in JVM memory tuning, operating systems tuning, WebLogic parameters tuning, tuning the stored procedures and application tunin.

Setting up Wily Interoscope for application and web infrastructure monitoring. 
Building three tier web environments on Red Hat Linux and Sun Solaris 10 hardware. 

UNIX administration related to weblogic servers. Process management, thread dumps

Trouble shooting experience with J2EE Application server Products TOMCAT and JBoss.

Extensive shell scripting for automation of daily tasks, using cron jobs. 

Using jython constructs and configuring watch and notifications using WLST. 
Scheduling batch jobs through Cron facility.

	 Best practices guidance for Web Logic-based application server assets

		Request, Install and configure the VeriSign SSL certificates on Oracle HTTP Server Web servers. 

Involve in Troubleshooting and Performance tuning to ensure all WL applications are available and working fine.

	
Environment: Oracle Webcenter suite 11g, Oracle UCM suite 11g, Oracle SOA suite 11g, Weblogic 10.3.x, Windows NT, 2003,2008, IIS6.0 Web servers, External DMZ Servers,  F5 Load balancer



	

	


Sonata Software, Hyd, India                                                                Aug’07-June’11                                                                              

Weblogic Administrator                                

Roles & Responsibilities: 
                                          

Installation, Configuration, Tuning and Administration of BEA Web logic 9.2 and 10.3. 

Configuring Weblogic server (both administration and managed server). 

Deploying Applications. Installing Weblogic Service Packs. 

Configuring and Managing JDBC Connection Pools, Multi-Pools and Data sources. 

Good Working experience in J2EE tier Environments.

Did a POC on Oracle Service Bus and Oracle BPM.

Worked on any issues with XML files not matching XSD’s. 

Good understanding of Web Services and WSDL. 

Installing and Configuring the Netscape Enterprise Plug-in. 

Installing and Configuring Oracle SOA suite 11gR1 on Weblogic 10.3.3.

Installing Weblogic Server Licenses. 

Understanding the business requirements and attending the specification meetings/QA meetings/release meetings. 

Monitored LDAP issues relating to Login

Installation and Configuration of iPlanet/Sun One Web servers 

Creating Certificate Requests (CSR) and installing the certificates. 

Troubleshooting connectivity issues, plug in issues and Site minder agent issues.



Environment: Oracle Weblogic Administrator 10.3, 9.2,  Oracle SOA suite 11g, Oracle Service Bus, Oracle BPM 10gr3, Shell & Perl Scripts, XML, XSD,WSDL,Oracle DB 11G, Remedy,RHEL.	

	           

Education:



B.Tech- Computer Scince, JNTU, Hyderabad, India\n
Kanishka Ramamoorthy
8125 48th Ave #311, College Park, MD 20740
Phone: +1 (240) 550-1235 | Email: kan3026@umd.edu
SUMMARY
Detail-oriented individual skilled in consolidating, validating, analyzing data and visually reporting crucial findings to drive
strategic decision making processes.
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Masters of Science in Information Management, GPA: 3.9/4
Anna University, Chennai, India
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science
RELEVANT COURSEWORK
 Data Analytics
 Data Mining
TECHNICAL SKILLS




Data to insights
Data Visualization

Expected May 2017
June 2013




Database Management Systems
Project Management

Tools: Rattle, R Studio, Tableau, QlikView, MSOffice – Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access,
Programming languages and Databases: MySQL Workbench, Python, R
Methodologies: Lean methodologies, Six Sigma tools, Agile methodologies, Roadmap Strategy, Product lifecycle management
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Intelligence Study of Refugee Migrations in Europe – Tableau, R
Sep – Dec 2016
 Consolidating and analyzing raw unstructured data related to refugee migrations in Europe to create dynamic
visualizations that will throw light on the economic impact of immigrants on the European economy
Nepal Earthquake Tweets Analysis – Python, R
Sep – Dec 2016
 Working for a project headed by United Nations Guiding Principles to extract and analyze large volumes of geolocated tweets associated with the 2015 Nepal Earthquakes
 Studying JSON objects to derive features that would allow measurement of the time taken for normalcy return based on
changes in behavioral patterns of tweeters
Predictive Analysis of U.S Presidential Elections Data – R, R studio, Rattle
Feb – May 2016
 Applied machine learning algorithms to explain variations in the election results based on demographics of the states
and predicted the winners of the 2016 U.S Primary Presidential elections
Bar Inventory Management Database – MySQL Workbench
Feb – May 2016
 Developed a relational database model to avoid manual updates to data warehouse and promote organizational growth
 Constructed complex queries to assist the management understand the current sales trends and eliminate backorders
Analysis of Social Media’s influence on Student Attitudes
Sep – Dec 2015
 Performed statistical tests (ANOVA, Regression) on student’s Facebook usage data and successfully identified
correlations between students’ behavioral patterns and their intensity of Facebook usage
WORK EXPERIENCE
Toyota Motors, IS Department, India
Jun 2016 – Jul 2016
Business Intelligence Analyst Intern (KPMG consultant team)
 Identified significant Key Performance Indicators and developed an integrated visualization of KPIs through interactive
dashboards to provide critical business acumen
 Extracted data from customer & dealer management systems, tested the validity of information and linked data points
 Developed an extensive business intelligence strategy roadmap to forecast customer’s purchasing behavior
Kshatriya Sports Pvt Ltd, India
Dec 2013 – Dec 2014
Technical Business Analyst
 Analyzed Karnataka State Tourism Ministry’s financial data to produce insightful visualizations on the global media
value attainable through a partnership with FC Inter Milan, Italy
 Reported significant discoveries from competitive intelligence study of rival markets to set pricing strategies and
identify growth opportunities
TVS Logistics, India
Sep 2013 – Nov 2013
Business Consultant Intern
 Translated analytical insights on warehouse data into actionable recommendations to reduce the overall cost of logistics
incurred to the organization


Developed interpretations from historic data to align demands to supply and reduce in-house inventory time

\n
Hagos Mebratu Hagos

Phone: (202) 420-8921 * Email: hhagos95@gmail.com

EDUCATION      

University of Maryland, College Park, MD			Expected Graduation Date: December 2017

Bachelors of Science in Mathematical Statistics						

COURSEWORK 

Probability, Statistics, Macroeconomics, Sociology, and Statistical Computing with SAS  

WORK EXPERIENCE

Department of Defense: Defense Health Agency, Data Analytics Intern		                June 2016-present

Collaborate with four group members to find and enter data in Excel for 120+ health indicators and every county in seven states in order to connect data to Tableau effortlessly.  

Visualize correlations between indicators, such as unemployment and mental health, using Tableau dashboards and Excel with my four group members to find unforeseen relationships.

Teach myself new techniques monthly to maintain diverse and user-friendly dashboards.  

Create cohesive stories independently that connect different correlations and topics to find solutions to health and economic problems.   



Upward Bound, College Prep Mathematics Teacher Assistant and Tutor		          January 2016-present

College Park, M.D.	 	

Assist the teacher in explaining how to solve problems to classes of up to twenty students, which helps students, teachers, and me discover why almost all of the students struggle.

Tutor students individually in Algebra, Calculus, and AP Statistics by breaking down problems into simpler terms and consequently alleviating the math anxiety of at least ten students.   

Work overtime if students’ concerns are not resolved by end of session resulting in all assisted students improving.  



AVID (Advancement via Individual Determination)

Fairfax, V.A. Substitute Secondary School Tutor				     September 2014 - January 2016 	

Helped improve group of six students’ math grades dramatically; students’ grades rose from F’s to B’s partially due to my tutoring efforts. 

Coached students by asking questions that pushed them to understand and progress in math problems. 

Assessed note taking with four other tutors, which led to students mastering the Cornell Note method.



SKILLS 

Computer Skills: 

Advanced: Tableau (stories, maps, trend lines, calculations), Excel (graphs, pivot table, statistics)   

Beginner: PowerBI, SAS, R (DataCamp: Introductions to R, Data Visualization ggplot2, and Cleaning Data)

Languages: Elementary Proficiency: Amharic and Spanish

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:   Autism Speaks (2017- present), Math Club (2015-present), International Club (2013-2015)\n
Avinash Mishra PMP, OCP, ITIL, MCPD

avinash.mishra@gmail.com / (571)332-4693



Professional Summary



Over 14 years of progressive IT experience encompassing techno-functional analysis, system architect, and software design and development.

Over 6 years of experience as Oracle Database Administrator supporting Oracle 10g/11g environments on Red Hat Linux and Windows platforms.

Over 5 years of  experience in Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence, Data Integration and Migration involving Informatica PowerCenter and Oracle Database.

Proven knowledge of Dimensional and Entity-Attribute-Value (EAV) models and all aspects of data warehousing lifecycle, including physical database design & data staging (ETL) design, and end-user application development and deployment.

Experienced in Oracle Database and Informatica PowerCenter/PowerExchange performance tuning techniques.

Extensively skilled in Informatica PowerCenter, Oracle, PL/SQL, VB.Net, C#.net & ASP.Net, PowerBuilder and Informatica PowerExchange.

Worked closely with the Business Development team and wrote the technical approach for several proposals/bids. 

Excellent communications and interpersonal skills.



Technical Skills



Data Integration/ETL Tool

Informatica PowerCenter 8/9, Informatica PowerExchange 8.x, PL/SQL & Shell Scripting.

Databases

Oracle 10g/11g, MS SQL Server 2005/2008, MS Access

OS’s/VM’s

Windows, Linux (Red Hat 4/5), VMWare (vSphere)

Tools (Versioning/Reporting/Others)

VS 2008/10, Fortify, ERwin, Business Objects X1, Crystal Reports, PowerBuilder 9/10, TFS, SVN

Languages

C#, VB.Net, PL/SQL



Professional Experience



Lead Enterprise Application Developer	  PSI, Inc.					Nov’07 – Present



As a Technical Lead for CCQAS (Centralized Credentials Quality Assurance System), responsible for setting up and maintaining Development, Test and SQT environments on a mixture of Red Hat and Windows severs running in a Virtualized environment (VMware). Re-architected several modules (Credentialing, Adverse Actions, Risk Management and Reports) to improve Classic ASP performance and mitigate Fortify findings.

As the in-house Informatica Expert, responsible for the setup and maintenance of the Informatica environment, Architecture and Design of the Data Migration (ETL) process for the Blood Donor and Transfusion projects. Provided technical guidance to team members in developing Mappings and Workflows. Responsible for administration of Informatica PowerCenter/PowerExchange including creating folders, managing user and group access for several projects.

Played a vital role in the successful implementation of a Large Clinical Data Mart (15+ TB) for the Military Health System severing Army, Navy, Air force and Coast Guard which included a state of the art enterprise Clinical Data Mart based on a combination of Fact/Dimension and Entity-Attribute-Value (EAV) model to support 25+ billion rows in a single fact table. Successfully implemented state of the art solution as a proof of concept for change data capture (CDC), a near real-time data replication between AHLTA CDR and the CDM using Oracle Redo Logs, Oracle Log Miner and Informatica Power Exchange.

Designed and implemented the performance improvement framework for the Clinical Data Mart (CDM) project using Oracle Pipeline functions and Oracle Partition exchange, thereby drastically improving the performance by more than 500%.

Developed strategies to load large volumes of historical data into the CDM data warehouse using UNIX shell scripting to slice large files.

As a senior member of the team for the HART-2B (Health Assessment Review Tool) project, Created and modified Oracle PL/SQL Stored procedures to help improve the data extraction process between CDR and CDM from several days to less than 8 hours. Used AHLTA to reverse engineer CDR data elements required for the extract process.

Worked to help develop various testing strategies for the CDM initiative including developing Unit Test and Integration Test cases.

Authored development guidelines, templates and standards for use by the teams across several projects.





Senior Systems Engineer	            	Zenlogics Holdings, Inc. 			Jan’03 – Sep’07



As a Team Lead, Successfully managed the TPOCS system for MHS for over 5 years and successfully implemented various initiatives like Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), National Provider Identifier (NPI) and E-billing. 

As a Techno-Functional expert for the TPOCS system, provided technical and functional guidance to the entire team. 

Managed and guided the Tier I, II and III TPOCS helpdesk support team consisting of more 20 people.

Successfully designed and developed the billing system for TPOCS. Played the role of Configuration Manager for the Release and Management of all the rate tables associated with TPOCS.

Successfully implemented the Health Insurance Accountability and Portability Act (HIPAA) for TPOCS which included the development of the 837 electronic messages (Professional and Institutional).

Successfully implemented the electronic billing subsystem for TPOCS with NDC Health (Clearing House).

Successfully implemented the Coding and Compliance Editor (CCE) module for TPOCS.



Programmer Analyst		                     Astrum Contract Services			Jan’01 – Dec’02



Played an Integral part of the training team which helped train more than 405 personal representing around 125 sites across the globe.

Part of the team responsible for the Oracle upgrade from Oracle 8i to Oracle 9i on the servers.

Helped in the development and maintenance of the TPOCS Helpdesk website.



Programmer			              Pentafour Software and Exports Ltd			Jul’99 – Jan’01



Successfully deployed the Total Brach Automation (TBA) software at UCO Bank.

Successfully deployed the Automatic Ledger Posting Machine (ALPM) software across 29 UCO bank branches in north India.

Installed and configured the PentaBank software at client locations.

Coordinated and successfully migrated legacy data from manual ledgers into the new system.

Provided onsite user training at various UCO bank branches.

Lead a team of 8 for the client side deployment of the PENTABANK software.

Coordinated various activities between the bank and head office.



Trainee	           Indira Gandhi Center for Atomic Research (IGCAR)			Jan’99 – Jul’99



Successfully transferred data from existing Dbase system to Oracle.

Conducted system study with various users and department and documented the requirements.

Developed several new reports.





Education/Certifications



Master of Science (M.S) in Software Engineering, West Virginia University, USA.

Bachelor of Engineering (B.E) in Computer Science and Engineering, India. 

Project Management Professional training

IT Infrastructure Library v3 training

Informatica PowerCenter 8.x & Informatica PowerExchange 8.x training

Oracle University Training (Performance Tuning 10g)











Page 2 of 3\n
Navdeep Singh Nara
College Park, MD

301-318-8428

navdeep.nara@rhsmith.umd.edu

www.linkedin.com/in/naranav

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science (M.S.), Major: Information Systems
Ramrao Adik Institute of Technology, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Major: Electronics and Telecommunications

December 2016
July 2013

SKILLS
ยง
ยง
ยง

Analytical: Scrum, Agile, Tableau, R, Python, Hadoop, AWS, SPARK, Hive, Android Studio, Risk Analysis,
Salesforce, API, Solver, Spreadsheet modeling using MS-Excel, Statistics
Technical: SQL, JAVA, J2EE, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, XML, C++
Domain: Healthcare, Insurance, Banking, Computer Networking, Internet Security, Telecommunication

EXPERIENCE
Client Network Services Inc. (CNSI), Rockville, Maryland
June 2016 - July 2016
Designation: Business Data Analyst Intern
ยง Visualized billions of rows of data on Tableau Desktop to examine trend and come up with conclusions based on
Washington state demographics
ยง Predicted total number of claims and payments with an accuracy of 87.61% by formulating models on R-Studio.
ยง Examined healthcare payment modules using Health Beat application to improve efficiency and performance.
ยง Prototyped android application in Android Studio for easier information availability to clients and decreasing call
center call volumes by around 30% and cutting down on costs by 20%.
Tech Mahindra, Mumbai, India
Sept 2013 โ June 2015
Designation: Software Engineer
ยง Developed and unit tested over 1500 lines of code using Computer Sciences Corporationโs (CSC) GraphTalk
application to fulfill client requirements related to insurance modules and products.
ยง Prepared SQL queries to report taxes incurred and commission paid to agents throughout the year.
ยง Conducted comprehensive analysis and presented solutions to all bugs arising in code thereby reducing
Turnaround time by 4 minutes.
ยง Led and mentored three team members to revamp entire claim module within a nine-month time frame.
ยง Automated claim initiation and approval process decreasing manual intervention by 40%, and curtailing program
execution time by 14 seconds.
ยง Administered 16 Tuxedo servers (middleware between GraphTalk and Web Portal for providing services) and
supervised Tuxedo deployment process.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Internet Of Things: BitByte
ยง Led Scrum Team of 7 members as a Scrum Master to develop an android application, which gets real time data
from wearable sensors and helps you improve eating habits and lifestyle.
ยง Implemented Scrum methodology and completed project in 3 sprints of 2 weeks each.
ยง Interacted with client and Product owner to gather requirements and presented these to the Scrum Team.
ยง Documented the tasks and progress made by each member of the team.
Big Data: Amazon Fine Food Reviews
ยง Analyzed reviews on food to predict customer trends by adopting MLlib machine learning algorithms in Spark.
ยง Leveraged Tableau to perform data visualization and interesting insights into the data.
ยง Used Hive to perform descriptive analytics on Amazon Food data.
ยง Executed python scripts containing different models on Amazon Web Services (AWS) to predict customer behavior.
LEADERSHIP
ยง Vice President of External Relations at Information Systems Association (ISA) at Smith. Responsible for
meeting with the Master Program Office and enhancing alumni/company involvement.
ยง Track Representative for Information Systems cohort at R.H. Smith School of Business. Liaison between
administrative office and students for effective communication of views, suggestions and information.

\n
Naren Nallapareddy

Title/Role:  PeopleSoft HCM Developer Level 5            System ID:  282242

Technology

Number of Years 

Last Used

Proficiency Level

PeopleSoft HCM  

10+

02/10/2012

Expert

PeopleSoft HCM 9.0

4+

02/10/2012

Expert

Oracle SQL/PL-SQL

11+

02/10/2012

Expert

PeopleSoft Recruiting, HR, Benefits, T&L, Payroll, ELM, ESS, ePerformance

10+

02/10/2012

Expert

MIS / Software Engineering / Computer Applications

12+

02/10/2012

Expert

People Tools 8.49

4+

02/10/2012

Expert

Application Engine Programming

9+

02/10/2012

Expert

Component Interface Programming

8+

02/10/2012

Expert

SQR Programming

10+

02/10/2012

Expert

People Code Development

10+

02/10/2012

Expert

PeopleSoft Integration Tools

8+

02/10/2012

Expert

HTML, XML, Cobol, SOA

5+

02/10/2012

Expert

Visual Basic 4.0/5.0/6.0

5+

04/30/2001

Expert

Crystal Reports

6+

05/22/2005

Proficient

Oracle 10G

5+

02/10/2012

Expert

SQL Server

3+

05/22/2000

Proficient

DB2/OS390

3+

09/30/2004

Proficient

UNIX, Widows  95/98/00/NT

12+

02/10/2012

Expert



Education & Certifications

		Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering

		Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Applications

		Certificate course in Oracle RDBMS

		Certificate course in Power Builder and Visual Basic

		Microsoft Certified Professional in Visual Basic



Employment History

Government of the District of Columbia – Sr. PeopleSoft Developer

June 2005 – Present

Successfully played a major role in DC HCM expansion project for conversion of DCPS employees to PeopleSoft involving – implementation of PS Payroll, Benefits, Time & Labor, IRR modules, conversion life cycle comprising of data gathering, mapping, conversion programs for payroll, garnishment balances, Individual Retirement Records (IRR) , fiscal history from MUPPS and conversion reconciliation. Other accomplishments include, developed SFTP process to send and retrieve interface files, generation of W-2’s, automation of W-2 re-issue process, ESS email notifications, Commuter benefits interface to ADP,TACIS (MPD) outbound interface, Tax interface to SOAR system with critical data, custom payroll checks print & advices, positive pay file & reconciliation, Child Support ACH file to Wachovia Bank, Union, Service dues interface by pay cycle, Tax treatment report, custom pages accommodating Leave Bank hours, Leave donation along and related reports and yearly process for leave payout, benefits related Annual Benefit Base Rate process, forms, confirmations with labels, plans statements. In addition responsible for production support, documentation of fit-gap, design, development, testing, performance and customizations related documentation.

Technologies: PeopleSoft HRMS 9.0, People Tools 8.49, Oracle 11g and IBM AIX



APL (NOL) – Sr. PeopleSoft Developer

Jan 2005 – May 2005 



Involved in major PS upgrade (HR, Payroll Interface, Benefits) 8.0 to 8.8 service pack1.  Applied people code and page modifications to over 60 custom pages, to reflect fields and record changes in PS 8.8 version. Modified fields and records for over 80 SQR program as per PS 8.8. Suggested/designed and applied row level security to sensitive SQR reports and interfaces. Trained End users to get acclimated for version 8.8-menu navigation, new portal features like (My Favorites, Customize Page, Sorting search results), and enhancements to Query tool. Worked closely with end users in system testing and user acceptance testing. Configured Security for about 300 Permission lists involving comparisons, modifications and additions to the existing security matrix. Participated in designing nightly jobs involving dependencies and log monitoring during testing and postproduction phases.

Technologies: PS HRMS 8.8, People Tools 8.4, Oracle 9i, UNIX, Web Sphere 5.1, Win 2000.



HSBC (Household) – Sr. PeopleSoft Developer

Jan 2004 – September 2004 

Involved in global PeopleSoft Integration modules such as HR, Payroll, Benefits and Ben Admin between HSBC and Household.

	Functional Responsibilities: Configuring HR and Benefits modules with extensive global requirements along with documentation of design, functional specifications, control tables data, fit-gap analysis. Played major role in functional testing, custom jobs, creation and modification of JCL’s, test scripts with wide scope of entire business process with heavy global emphasis.

	Technical Responsibilities: Delivered extensive technical documentation covering HR, Payroll, Benefits and Benefits Administration modules, complex reports and customizations. Hands on involvement with business critical processes such as Canadian Online Pay Check, advice printing, SQR programs, ‘four key’ business needs, ADP check and advice printing, Tracking Global assignments with twenty custom programs, batch jobs for payroll and non-payroll weeks, system testing, unit and user acceptance testing. User Test Director tool for efficient and effective testing.

Technologies: PeopleSoft HRMS 8.30, People Tools 8.19, DB2, Oracle 8i, UNIX, Test Director 7.2 



	ING - Sr. PeopleSoft Developer

September 2003 to December 2003

Involved in major PS upgrade HRMS Upgrade from 7.5 to 8.8 (HR, Payroll, Benefits).  Upgraded Custom 7.5 SQR’s into PeopleSoft 8.8 standards as per field and record names. Implemented PS 8.8 logic in GL Interface SQR process, which was customized in 7.5 extensively. Implemented new custom logic written in per099.sqr (Employee refresh) into PeopleSoft 8.8 per099 (Application Engine) program. Involved in online modifications in order to SQR run control pages, components and menus. Modified people code as per field and table names. Involved in Unit Testing for all upgraded SQR programs. Migrated modified online objects into test environment.

Technologies: PeopleSoft HRMS 8.8, People Tools 8.4, SQR, ORACLE 9i, SQL PLUS, UNIX, NT 



St. Catherine Hospital (CFNI) - Sr. PeopleSoft Developer

Sep 2002 to July 2003

Involved in major PS implementation HRMS 8.3 (HR, Payroll, Benefits). Involved in writing the Interface to terminate employee Leave Plans based on their FTE. This interface also generates a report to list termed employees for each company. Developed Complex reports like Nursing Grid to Excel, Home health vacation accruals, census reports, Queries to fulfill end user requirements. Developed technical design documents for several SQR programs. Developed several Crystal Reports to fulfill end user requirements such as mailing labels.

Technologies: PeopleSoft HRMS 8.30, People Tools 8.18, SQR, Crystal Reports 8.5, Oracle 9i, HP UNIX and Windows 2000.

	

	Williams Inc - PeopleSoft Developer

	March 2002 to Aug 2002 

Involved in Maintenance, Customizations and Major PeopleSoft HRMS Upgrade from 7.5 to 8.3. The upgrade responsibilities include are downloaded and reviewed all the upgrade documents, SQR files, DAT files and DMS files, which I have downloaded from the PeopleSoft customer connection. Ran DDD Audit, SYS Audit and ALTER Audit to find and rectify the inconsistency among the data's before the upgrade process. Modified custom SQR's to handle the field and record renames as per 8.3. Involved in event maintenance of benefits Administration and setting up flexible credit deductions. Designed and developed a PeopleSoft interface program (SQR) to extract employees Open Enrollment eligible plans, options and costs data for new plan year. Developed new SQR reports on Benefits, HR, and Payroll modules. Customized and developed various Reports using Crystal Reports.

Technologies: PeopleSoft HRMS 8.30, PeopleTools 8.16, Oracle 8.1, SQL Plus 8.1, UNIX, NT



Bloomberg - PeopleSoft Developer                       					      

May 2001 - Feb 2002

Involved in major PeopleSoft upgrade 7.5 to 8.0. Responsibilities include upgrade documents, SQR’s, interface data files, DMS scripts, analysis of customizations, handling customizations involving all tools objects, security administration, operator class security, application reviewer, tracing, debugging, new SQR reports, process scheduler setup for reports, processes and batch jobs.

Technologies: PeopleSoft 7.51/8.0 HRMS, People Tools 7.58/8.14, People Code, SQR 6.1.1, DB2, UNIX and Windows NT/95.



GMAC, Horsham, PA – PeopleSoft Developer  

September 2000 - April 2001

Involved in customization and development of PeopleSoft applications using various people tools. Worked with several tools like Data Mover, Tree Manager, Application Reviewer and Engine. Produced similar conversion reports using SQR to load data from ADP in to PeopleSoft Payroll tables. Created Record and Panel definition, panel groups, Run control panels, attached them to required menus through Application Designer and made them available to various operators through Security Administrator to have the reports run under Process Scheduler. 

Technologies:  PeopleSoft HRMS 7.5, People Tools 7.5, SQR 4.3, Oracle 7.3, Win NT, UNIX.



Hyranks, Inc. Tirupati, A.P., India – Sr. Programmer

March 1996 – August 2000



	Developing Client Server and Web based application using Active Server Pages, Visual Basic, Visual Interdev, FrontPage, Internet Information Server, SQL Server, Oracle running on Windows NT, and also in the development of management reports using Crystal Reports and SQR.

	Technologies: Visual Basic, ASP, Visual Studio, SQR, Oracle, SQL Server, Windows NT, Windows 95\n
David Shen

EMAIL: dvshen@yahoo.com   TEL: 908-342-6799





SUMMARY	Extensive hands-on experiences with application/database development and management.  Proficient in

		Core Java application development with Spring Framework

		SQL development for relational and columnar databases

		Database performance tuning and troubleshooting

		Data modeling and Database design

		Management of very large data volume and its lifecycle

		Managing IT deliverables via efficient project management

		In-depth business knowledges of financial industry



SOFTWARE	

	Programming Languages

	Java, Perl, Unix/Linux Shells

Databases

SAP Sybase Adaptive Server Enterprise (v.4.9.2 ~ v.16)

	SAP Sybase IQ (v.12.6 ~ v.16)

	SAP Sybase Replication Server (v.10 ~ v.15.7)

	Microsoft SQL Server (v.2000 ~ v.2012)

	IBM UDB (v.8 ~ v.10.5)

	Oracle (v.9 ~ v.10)

	Software Development Tools

	Eclipse, Ant/Ivy, Maven, Perforce(version control)

	Database Tools

	ERWin, DBArtisan, RapidSQL, SSMS

	Enterprise Scheduling Tools

	Autosys, Control-M

	OS-level Technologies

	Veritas Clustering, SRDF, Kerberos

	

OPERATING

SYSTEMS	Linux(RHEL), Oracle(SUN) Solaris, MS Windows Server

	

	

	

	EXPERIENCE

	06/12-	Sr. Java Developer / Database Performance SME at Morgan Stanley

	 	Function as an application developer and database SME for Regulatory IT.

		The systems are built with Sybase ASE, Sybase IQ(MPX), IBM UDB and Java-based ETL batch processing modules as its back end and C# applications as its UI.

		

	Application Development Responsibilities

	Develop several dozens of Core Java programs to renovate the ETL processing.  The Java programs are built with Spring Framework as part of the firm’s MS Java environment and utilize multi-threading methodologies for performance and scalability purposes.

	Develop a few hundred SQL stored procedures to implement rule-based business logics.  Most of those stored procedures rely on complicated SQL queries to achieve their designed functionalities and high-level of efficiency and sustainability.

	Participate in database designs with relational and dimensional models.

	Design and implement VLDB strategies to manage terabyte data volume efficiently.

	Database Performance Responsibilities

	Conduct performance tuning on large number of SQL queries and stored procedures.

	Conduct performance tuning at database and server levels.

	Establish and maintain database performance monitoring infrastructure.

	

	05/11-06/12 	Sr. Java Developer / Database Performance SME at Barclays Capital

	Function as an application developer and database SME for the Bank’s tier-1 project to migrate the firm-wide corporate reference data systems from Sybase platform (ASE/IQ) to MSSQL/Oracle platform.

		

	Application Development Responsibilities

	Renovate large number of existing Java-based ETL programs for the migration.  

	Develop and convert 200+ SQL stored procedures for the migration.

	Enhance the database model on the new database platform.

	Database Performance Responsibilities

	Conduct performance tuning on SQL queries and stored procedures.

	Conduct performance tuning at database and server levels.

	Build database performance monitoring infrastructure.

	

	05/10-05/11 	Sr. DBA at Credit Suisse

	Function as the primary DBA for Equities and Prime Services. In addition to regular DBA support, design and manage the firm’s largest data warehouse system (15TB) built with Sybase IQ technology.

		

	Perform logical/physical database design for the data warehouse system.

	Implement the data warehouse with Sybase IQ MPX, ASE and Replication Server.

	Design and implement operational infrastructure of the system such as ETL loads, heterogeneous data replication which establishes bi-directional data replication among Sybase ASE, IQ and Oracle data sources globally.

	Design and implement High Availability & Disaster Recovery solutions for the system.

	Conduct performance tuning and troubleshooting on all the component servers.

	Manage the lifecycle of the data warehouse project and interface with the businesses.

	Provide primary DBA support for Sybase ASE, IQ and Replication Servers.

	Assume the responsibility of 3rd-level DBA support globally.

	Member of the firm-wide Technology Swap Team as a database SME.

		

	11/08-05/10 	Sr. DBA at UBS Investment Bank

	Function as the primary DBA for Equities and Prime Services. Manage several hundred Sybase ASE, IQ, Replication Servers and MS SQL Servers for North America region and perform critical functions such as trading-floor support and Level-3 DBA support for all IB business units globally.

		

	Manage server installation, upgrade, patching and cross-platform migration.

	Design and implement global replication systems between Sybase and Oracle sources.

	Design and implement High Availability & Disaster Recovery solutions.

	Implement and enhance server-side infrastructure for system monitoring.

	Perform troubleshooting and performance tuning for database and replication systems.

	Provide application support in logical/physical database designs and query optimization.

	Manage system infrastructures such as capacity planning, performance benchmarking.

	Manage firm-wide system initiatives such as IT system auditing, SOX-compliance.

	Provide guidance to staff DBAs in the global centralized operations team in APAC.

	

	07/04–09/08 	Sr. DBA at Goldman Sachs

	Function as the primary DBA for Investment Management Division. Manage hundreds of ASE, Replication Servers, and UDB Servers ranging from trading systems to data warehouses and provide firm-wide global DBA Level-3 support as a secondary duty.

		

	Manage server installation, version upgrade, patching and cross-platform migration.

	Design and Implement global replication systems with customized configurations.

	Design and implement High Availability & Disaster Recovery solutions.

	Implement custom monitoring for critical systems on top of firm-wide infrastructure.

	Perform troubleshooting and performance tuning for database and replication systems.

	Provide application support in logical/physical database designs and query optimization.

	Manage system infrastructures such as capacity planning, performance benchmarking.

	Organize firm-wide system initiatives for compliance.

	

	09/97–06/04	Sr. DBA at JPMorgan Chase

	Function as the primary DBA for Equities and Global Markets with responsibility for 800+ Sybase ASE, Replication Servers and Oracle Servers across the regions (NY/LN/TK).

		

	Responsible for server maintenance such as installation and upgrade.

	Design and implement global replication systems between Sybase and Oracle sources.

	Design and implement High Availability & Disaster Recovery solutions.

	Design and implement server-side infrastructure for system monitoring.

	Perform troubleshooting and performance tuning for database and replication systems.

	Provide application support in logical/physical database designs and query optimization.

	Manage system infrastructures such as capacity planning, performance benchmarking.

	Manage firm-wide system initiatives driven by compliance regulations.

	

	09/96–09/97	Sr. DBA & Unix(Solaris) SA at Chase Manhattan Bank

	Function as the primary DBA and SA responsible for building and managing an Executive Information System throughout its all life cycles. The system serves wide range of internal users from departmental business analysts to CFO.

		

	Perform architectural design of the system and logical/physical design of the database.

	Implement database schema with SQL coding such as stored procedures and triggers.

	Design and build the database replication system.

	Install/configure Solaris operating system and Sybase database and replication servers.

	Managed the system at both OS and database levels on a daily basis.

	Perform troubleshooting and performance tuning at both OS and database levels.

	Implement the ETL process with shell and Perl programming.

	

	06/94–09/96	C++ Developer / Application DBA at AT&T

	Build and manage a marketing data warehousing system with 1000+ business users nationwide. Also support a decision-support system that provides marketing data to 100+ users with real-time data feeds. All systems are built with Sybase technologies.

		

	Develop the systems with C++, Sybase T-SQL and Powerbuilder.

	Perform the data analysis and modeling.

	Perform the database design (logical and physical) in relational model.

	Design and build the database replication system.

	Conduct troubleshooting and performance tuning.

	



EDUCATION	Master in Computer Science (City University of New York)

		Bachelor in Information Science (Shanghai University)\n
MYKOLA YAROSHENKO

Software QA Tester

Email: mykolayaroshenko@gmail.com

Cell:(916) 717-0989

Sacramento, CA 95834



In depth understanding of SDLC and Agile software development 

Practical knowledge of working in cross platform environment (Windows, UNIX)

Experienced in analyzing and understanding business requirements 

Attention to details along with a commitment to quality 

Great people skills, including the ability to collaborate successfully with crossteam members.

Self-starter, independent, results-focused, and driven to deliver customer value

Excellent analytical, strong interpersonal, organizational and computer skills

Enjoy learning new technologies and challenging concepts

Effective verbal and written communication skills 

Fluent in English, Russian and Ukrainian



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

06/14-04/16	 Software QA Tester, Smart Energy Solutions, Sacramento, CA

Responsibled for full testing cycle of assign modules

Analyzed requirements documents and  specifications for project

Reviewed business requirement documents and the technical specifications 

Developed test cases based on functional specifications and design documents 

Performed ad hock, functional, and  regression testing

Uploaded Test Evidence for logged defects and environment issues in Jira 



04/13-06/14	 IT Specialist, Sacramento Pediatric Gastroenterology, Sacramento, CA

Provided specialized technical and desktop assistance to the system users 

Domain management in MS Windows 2012 and MS Windows 2008 R2 (Group policies, Active Directory) 

Backup all types of data to external and internal hard drive 

Trained new employees on various computer programs specific to their job duties 

Connected to remote computer using RD Connection, TeamViewer to fix and updated software issues

Troubleshooted and resolved hardware and software issues



05/07-07/12	 IT Specialist, Ortex, Zhitomir, Ukraine

Installed, diagnosed, tested, supported, and maintained a variety of computer software,

hardware,data network, and telecommunications infrastructure.

Provided help desk support. Performed installations of cables, computer stations, plugs, modems etc.

Diagnosed and corrected problems with computers and communication hardware and software.

Provided specialized technical assistance to system users.



EDUCATION AND TRAINING:

2015 Linux, American River College, Sacramento, Ca

2014 Information Technology, Portnov Computer School, Los Altos, CA

2005 BS, Technology and Automation, College of Technology, Zhitomir, Ukraine 



TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Platforms: Windows 8/7/Vista/XP, Linux, UNIX

Mobile Platforms: Android OS, Windows Phone, iOS 

Programming: HTML, XML, JavaScript, SQL

Database: Oracle, MySQL 

Networking: TCP/IP, FTP, HTTP, Proxy Server

Virtualization: VMware Server, Oracle VirtualBox 

Bug Tracking: JIRA, Bugzilla, Elementool 

Browsers: MS Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Opera

Applications: MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), Google Docs\n
4318 #101, Rowalt Drive, College Park, MD 20740
(347) 748 2575 • sheena.khemani@rhsmith.umd.edu

SHEENA KHEMANI
Results-oriented, highly productive professional with over 3 years of success in applying sound problem solving skills to
create efficiencies and resolve highly complex issues within tight timeframes. Act as a key member of the team
influencing a clear vision for success with an aptitude to establish and meet goals. Expert communicator with the proven
ability to synthesize complex information and identify the needs of the customers. Possess in-depth, hands-on experience
with different technology stacks, have strong learning capacity, and can-do mentality.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Effective Communication
Requirements Analysis
Agile Methodologies
Team Leadership & Adaptability
Functional Specification
Problem Solving & Troubleshooting
Cross-functional Teams
Data Modeling & Analysis
Performance Improvement
Software Lifecycle
Strategic & Visionary Planning
Financial Acumen
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming: R, PYTHON, Java, SQL, XML, HTML, CSS
Tools: Hadoop, MapReduce, Tableau, Excel (Palisades)
Competencies: Sales force ERP, Regression, Optimization, Decision Trees, Pivot Tables, Agile
PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND
INFOSYS LIMITED., INDIA
OCT 2014 – APR 2016
SYSTEMS ENGINEER
§ Designed and implemented system migration tool for transforming data from client’s legacy system to an upgraded
schema through SQL scripts.
§ Resolved redundancies in database schema using SQL queries; improved system performance by increasing relation
conversion rate from 300 to 600 tables per iteration.
§ Analyzed complex business requirements and created high-level design, project time estimates, and technical plans
to redesign client inventory management system.
§ Effectively collaborated with a cross-functional team of 40 to perform system integration testing to capture 150
functional and performance level defects; ensured excellent quality of the submitted deliverables.
§ Implemented query optimization techniques to enhance database performance by 50% and reduce security
vulnerabilities by 60%.
NIRMAL BANG SECURITIES PVT. LTD., INDIA
JAN 2014 – OCT 2014
JUNIOR FINANCIAL ANALYST
§ Conducted in-depth technical, fundamental and derivative market research to evaluate industry growth for a wide
array of products.
§ Tracked changes in government policies of various sectors and momentum in the market; analyzed financial
information to establish business reports for use in making management decisions.
§ Authored reports, Tableau visualizations and dashboards using Tableau Desktop on general economic trends,
individual corporations, and industries, thereby eliminated investment risks by $100,000.
§ Reviewed and analyzed monthly financial performance results to identify and mitigate problems in daily operations,
increasing efficiency by 30%.
SOFT GALAXY SERVICES PVT. LTD., INDIA
JUN 2012 – AUG 2012
BUSINESS ANALYST INTERN
§ Developed a cross-platform Android application - e-commerce Common Communication Platform, sold to a German
client for $12,000.
§ Created Requirement Specifications, Use Case Diagrams, High Level and Detailed Process Flows as well as
standardized a process that decreased requirements gathering and analysis time by 50%.
§ Led team as a Scrum Master using Agile methodology following 2 weeks’ sprint cycles to deliver software on time
and within budget.
ACADEMIC PROJECT
Data modeling, Time series and Forecasting of Google Trends – Movies released per month
OCT 2016
§ Performed data analysis to build a forecasting model; predicted future movie releases using variable transformation
in a regression based trend model.
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
§ Master of Science in Information Systems, Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College
Park, MD, Dec 2017
Ambassador, Smith Masters Student Association (SMSA)
Relevant Coursework: Big Data, Data Mining, Database Management Systems, Data Models and Decisions.
§ Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology, GPA: 3.7, Shri Shankaracharya Institute of Professional
Management and Technology (SSIPMT), India, 2013

\n
Yiding Xiong
	
9530 Baltimore Avenue, College Park, MD 20740 ç513-593-6849 ç yiding.xiong@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, Maryland
Master of Science in Information System
Miami University, Oxford, OH
Bachelor of Science, Major: Supply Chain and Operations Management
• Received Latin Honor for outstanding academic performance

December 2017
GPA: 3.52
2015
GPA: 3.68

Technical Skills:
Languages: HTML, Python, SQL, SAS, SAP, R.
Tools: JMP, Minitab, Tableau.
Certifications: Google AdWords Search Certification, Google Analytics Certification
EXPERIENCE
Decision, Operations & Information Technologies Department, College Park, MD
January 2017-Present
Teacher Assistant
• Explore skillful acknowledge in data models and decisions by supervising and mentoring 39 MBA students online.
• Generate creative thoughts by answering questions on discussion boards and posting links related to information system.
• Attain competent research background by cooperating with Professor and creating presentation slides for students.
MBA/MS Admissions Office, College Park, MD
September 2016-Present
MS Admissions Ambassador
• Represent the diversity of Smith graduate community at recruiting events and activities by posting blogs and serving as liaisons
between prospective students, admitted students and Smith staff members.
• Assign customized ways and project management skills to attract students by designing the legacy of Smith and shaping the Class
of 2017 and future classes.
• Involve in the entire admissions cycle and high profile events by clarifying and contacting prospective MS students.
Howe Center for Writing Excellence, Oxford, OH
September 2014-December 2015
Writing Consultant
• Instructed diverse client base by conveying knowledge of English and rhetoric to writers of varying aptitude levels.
• Enhanced social skills by organizing and joining outreach programs and research projects.
• Developed professional writing statements by attending weekly workshops and conferences.
Sichuan Fanhua Construction Group Company, Mianyang, China
June 2015-August 2015
Supply Chain Analyst
• Expedited management department proceeding by identifying opportunities and implementing initiatives to improve placement
and fulfillment to customers.
• Integrated cooperative abilities by partnering with operation, transportation, and finance teams to support new business initiatives.
• Served as team leader for 15 people by delegating questions to service advisors and constructing performance management.
• Negotiated and explored customers by conducting local market research and preparing presentations.
Mianyang Chenxi Clothing Company, Mianyang, China
May 2014-August 2014
Data Analyst
• Completed basic training by individual and small group tutoring in a wide range of statistic software including SAS and JMP.
• Practiced professional abilities by analyzing retail store’s sourcing process and gathering competitors’ information.
• Built organizational capacity and leadership by holding weekly meeting and reporting updated analysis.
ADDITIONAL
C-Hope International Volunteer Organization, Miami University
January 2014-May 2016
President
• Accomplished volunteer program by teaching and helping 900 rural students for one month in Zunyi, China.
• Obtained leadership by planning 60 people skating programs and fall-break trip for Miami students.
Phi Sigma Pi (National Fraternity)
Member
• Arranged 8 community services and charity events with Oxford community and local organic farm.
• Planned fundraising activities and took part in animal adoption walking by engaging in service event.

August 2014-May 2016

\n
Ashish Aggarwal
Current Address
306 South 4th Street
Champaign, IL 61820

Contact Information
aaggrwl7@illinois.edu
(217) 819-7602

EDUCATION
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, College of Engineering
December 2017
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Engineering
Related Coursework: Database Systems, Text Information Systems, User Interface Design, Systems Programming,
Algorithms and Models of Computation

EXPERIENCE
Illinois Distributed Museum, UIUC
August 2016 – Present
• Fixed Geolocation functionality for the web app that allowed users to browse historical articles based on their current location on
campus.
• Implemented the database schema and worked with the Google Maps API to implement routings for tours.
• Analyzed and Updated the existing User Interface functionalities such as search, add, delete and edit.
IT Intern, Protera Technologies
May 2016 – August 2016
• Updated company’s email signature management policy by testing and finalizing Signature Management Tools
• Developed a proposal for the structure and implementation of University of Protera
• Collaborated with CTO in the execution of setting up University of Protera on Moodle on the company server
Course Assistant, CS361 (Probability in CS), UIUC
January 2016 – May 2016 and January 2017 - Present
• Helped reinforce basic concepts of regression and classification of datasets on students
• Led discussions on concepts involving training of datasets using regression lines and common classifiers like Random Forest.
• Graded all the coursework and exams through the semester.
Course Assistant, CS460 (Cyber Security Lab), UIUC
• Helped students with hands on experience on study of computer and network security.
• Graded all the coursework and exams through the semester.
Student Marketing Ambassador, MindSumo
• Promoted MindSumo by providing students from different universities information about their product
• Aided in the increase of MindSumo’s presence by the participation of more than 10 students

January 2017 – Present

July 2016 – January 2017

LEADERSHIP
Engineering Council, UIUC
May 2016 – Present
• Appoint and supervise a team of students at “Engineering Days” as the Student Panel Advisor for Engineering Information Bureau
• Lead the Engineering IT and Transfer Student Experience team in the Dean’s Student Advisory Committee
• Facilitate proper communication within the committee as the Internal Correspondence Director for Engineering Leadership
Committee
Vice-President, Chemistry and Physics Society, Modern School, India
April 2011 – April 2013
• Co-founded the club with the head of the department and three peers
• Organized and oversaw annual event for both societies, in which students from different schools in the city competed against
each other in various competitions such as debates and quizzes
Pecuniary Director, Computer Science Society, Modern School, India
• Managed all the finances for the society which were allocated towards the club’s events.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming: C, C++, Java, Python, Swift, SQL, HTML, Assembly, R
Tools: Terminal, R and Subversion
Awards: Award of Achievement from Oracle – Completed a course in Java Programming by Oracle

April 2012 – April 2013

\n
RUBENS MASSAYUKI KUMORI

Professional Profile

This dynamic individual has over 10 years of experience, leading multi-nationalities, achieving customer satisfaction. Engaging in software development and leading projects in business intelligence and financial planning. A self- motivator who is honest, has integrity, and can adjust to any culture can bring success to any organization.  



Experience

PlanIt Business (Contractor) – Dallas, TX								04/2016 – Current  

Project Manager / FP&A

Responsibilities: Coordinate web development projects; write requirements, technical specification and diagram flows; lead meetings with developers and CEO/CFO; executive presentations; quality management; Financial Planning & Analysis, Business Plan development and consulting, SWOT analysis, working with new startups and entrepreneurs through the process of acquiring financing.

Locke Lord (Contractor) – Dallas, TX								02/2016 – 03/2016  

Project Manager / Business Analyst

Responsibilities: Manage team of 5 in a project to migrate Human Resource systems (ADP to Workday); write technical specification; mapping; develop macros; MS Excel workflow; lead meetings with key users and managers; executive presentation; secure data integrity; documentation. 

Accomplishment: Coming onboard when the project was 3 months late was a challenging scenario. Delegated tasks, organized team structure and created a healthy working environment. Finished and delivered all the open tasks in half of the estimated time.  

University of the Nations (UofN) - Youth with A Mission (YWAM) – Kailua-Kona, HI 			03/2012 – 07/2015  

YWAM is the largest Christian missionary organization in the world with over 1,500 locations and 20,000 staff worldwide. UofN is an educational institution providing bachelor and master degree programs and vocational training.

Project manager

Responsibilities: Lead projects in two different departments: (a) Finances Department - financial auditing & analysis, planning and modeling, negotiation with vendors, create a purchase department, office workflow setup; (b) IT department - Process improvements, system automation, web development, software customization, bill clients. Organize meetings and executive presentations with CEO, CFO and board members.

Accomplishment: Consolidated and restructured $7M in debt with more favorable rates. Saved $3M through a 2% reduction in interest rates. Reduced operational costs 30% by streamlining/centralizing purchasing and renegotiating vendor contracts/bidding by leveraging campus-wide purchasing power. Recruited and trained volunteer staff to perform previously contracted work. Led a web development project to integrate online all the 1,500 plants and over 1M staff, students and alumni around the world. Led a project to integrate various independent systems to all work together in real time. Led customization project for housing system with Polish and American developer’s teams. Provided training in South Korea, Samoa, USA and South America.

	

	Grupo SBF Centauro - São Paulo, Brazil								11/2011– 02/2012

	Grupo SBF is the largest retail company in the Latin America focused on sporting goods. Established in 1983 by Sebastiao Bomfim Filho, today it holds 8,000+ employees, 220 stores and operates two e-commerce websites (Centauro and By-Tennis).

	SAP Business Intelligence Advisor 

	Responsibilities: Analysis of business requirements; creation of Business Blue Print (BBP) and functional and technical specifications using SAP BPC and XCelsius; data modeling and architecture, ETL strategy

	Accomplishment: Increased $1.5M quarterly revenue by creating dashboards and reports assisting sales directors and finance board members. 

	

	Grupo São Martinho - Ribeirão Preto, Brazil							12/2010– 10/2011

	GSM is one of the largest groups in Brazil’s sugar and ethanol sector. With three mills in different plants, they produce a large percentage of the sugar and ethanol for Brazil’s internal consumption.

	SAP Business Intelligence Project Manager 

	Responsibilities: Lead a team of 13 SAP consultants to implement a financial planning system using SAP BPC 7.5 and BOBJ.  Creation of Functional and Technical specification for BPC, BW and BOBJ; Automation of traditional Excel sheets into controlled workflow system; data modeling and architecture; ETL strategy; reporting; data integrity; security; documentation; lead milestone meetings with board members and Business Intelligence directors; SOP; negotiate change requests and new requirements for phase 2.

	Accomplishment: Reduced operational cost 20% by automating sales and warehouse system. Assisted the board of trustees and chairman of finance committee; prepared quarterly & annual reports and dashboards. Managed a $5M project. Earned best team award, 15% bonus for excellence and commitment. 

	

	JMacedo - São Paulo, Brazil									03/2010– 12/2010

	JMacedo is an entrepreneur company in the food industry. Founded in 1939 by Jose Dias de Macedo, the company has been established in 6 different states in Brazil and has been in the lead of the bakery market.

	SAP Business Intelligence Project Manager 

	Responsibilities: Lead a team of 7 SAP consultants and 2 business divisions to implement SAP BPC 7.5; bill client; lead milestones meetings; executive presentation for CEO; negotiate change requests; SOP; Technical and Functional Specifications for BPC, BW and BOBJ including dashboards in XCelsius.

	Accomplishment: Provided to the finance, sales and distribution departments several reports and dashboards in order to redesign cash flow and supply chain in different states. Managed a $1M project. Delivered two extra products out of scope to help the client to have better control over warehouse and truck fleet.

	

Business Analyst and SAP consultant, major clients include: 						03/2006 – 03/2010



Karmann Ghia Brazil - São Bernardo do Campo, Brazil 

SAP BW consultant

SAP BW 7.0 implementation - Full Life Cycle Project

Responsibilities: Create customized programs to help the board of directors to have easy/quick access to the company’s numbers in real time. Develop smart and user-friendly dashboards where they can manipulate results coming from sales, supply chain, production and purchase departments to project new goals for future fiscal years. 

Accomplishment: Helped company to set their goals for the next 2 years despite going through financial crises and suggested a way to cut 3% of their operational costs by changing one step in the production line.



Siemens VDO Continental - Guarulhos, Brazil

International automotive supplier and tire manufacturer company, generates €35 bi yearly in sales worldwide. Currently employs approximately 200,000 people in 53 countries.

SAP ABAP consultant

SAP upgrade to ECC 6.0 - Full Life Cycle Project

Responsibilities: Coordinate team of developers as well as work as one to contribute to the system migration. Create new programs, do maintenance, expansion and fix codes that were no longer compatible with the new version. All the developments were connected to SAP MM, SD, FI and CO modules. 

Accomplishment: Finished the system upgrade with no schedule delay. Created a healthy and united working environment and contributed to win best consulting company award.



Guhring - Diadema, Brazil

SAP ABAP consultant

SAP ECC 6.0 rollout

Responsibilities: Cover all new program developments and adjustments for SAP modules: MM, SD, FI and CO; develop communication with external systems; data integrity and security; create documentation. 



Singer Sewing Machines - Indaiatuba, Brazil

Query and Crystal Reports Instructor

Query / Crystal Reports workshop 

Responsibilities: Teach 20 key users how to create, modify and maintain SAP queries and Crystal Reports for their daily routines.

	

Dr. Oetker - São Paulo, Brazil

SAP ABAP consultant
SAP SD & handheld integration

Responsibilities: Development of software that integrates SAP with Handhelds to feed sales employees on the field with live information about current production and warehouse capacity.



GROB Brazil - São Bernardo do Campo, Brazil

SAP ABAP consultant

SAP 4.6C implementation - Full Life Cycle Project

Responsibilities: Cover all new program developments and customization for SAP MM module. Write technical documentation and provide technical support.

Aspen Procwork - São Paulo, Brazil

SAP ABAP consultant

Responsibilities: Help desk, maintenance, improvements and new developments of internal products involving SAP MM, SD, FI, CO and PP modules.

Education

BS Electrical & Computer Engineering
Centro Universitário do Instituto Mauá de Tecnologia - São Caetano do Sul, Brazil

CUIMT is a well-known university in Brazil for its engineering courses. The engineering academic level could be compared to California Institute of Technology in the US.

Rubens took a 6-year course, with emphasis in computer engineering and graduated with the best graduation project award in 2010. GPA: 88/100.



Project Management Institution 

Pursuing certification PMI/PMP

CITIZENSHIP/ VISA STATUS

Green card holder

LANGUAGES

English - Full professional proficiency / Portuguese - Native proficiency / Spanish - Conversational proficiency

VOLUNTEER WORK

Projeto Girassol (The Sunflower project) - São Paulo, Brazil

Projeto Girassol was founded in the 1990’s by a member of a local church in São Paulo, Brazil. The project aims to help the children of families in desperate need. Focused on education, volunteers come from all parts of Brazil to teach and spread God’s love.

Through Projeto Girassol, I provide monthly support financially sponsoring one child. Participated in a building renovation doing construction and painting, organized church youth camps and other activities to educate and motivate children.

Cornerstone
Cornerstone feeds weekly the homeless people of Dallas downtown.















Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Ruben Kumori	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 3 of 4\n
Ravi Kumar Tanniru
EMAIL:​ ​ravikumar.tanniru@gmail.com
Phone:​ ​614-477-9360

Professional Summary:
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

13+ years of experience in full life cycle of software design process, including requirement definitions,
initial analysis, implementation, testing and maintenance with strong analytical and problem solving skills
Managed 5 FTE resources which includes capacity planning for projects and worked with offshore vendor
Worked on the Oracle Fusion middleware products like Oracle Service Bus, Oracle SOA Suite,Oracle
Business Rules, Oracle BAM , Oracle BPA 11g and 12C versions
Working knowledge of Mule ESB and Mule API products
Working knowledge experience with Oracle ADF technologies
Capacity planning for OSB and SOA and installed High Available Cluster for OSB and SOA and also
proposed architecture for Disaster Recovery(DR)
Implemented architecture for using Rest API’s using Apigee
Performance tuning of Oracle Service Bus and Oracle SOA Suite 11g and 12C
Implemented solution to analyse business transaction monitoring using third party tools like
AppDynamics
Created Splunk dashboards to show KPI metrics of OSB and SOA servers
Create Oracle BAM Dashboards for tracking shipments sent by external systems and also used for
tracking analysis of volume that was processed through system
Good Understanding in the nascent architecture Oracle Application Integration Architecture (Oracle AIA)
supporting SOA.
Worked with JCA Adapters and Transports in OSB and Oracle SOA Suite
Define Best practices for Oracle OSB related to development , error handling and monitoring
Understanding in web based technologies utilizing J2EE, JSP, Java, Servlets, and XML
Worked through full lifecycle (analysis, design, coding, testing, implementation, and maintenance)
Consistently rated “STAR” performer for 4 years in Satyam computers.
Training new associates on team on Oracle Fusion middleware products as part of competency
development activity.
Self-motivated, team player with strong analytical and problem solving skills, grasping power to adapt to
new tools and technologies

Experience:
Organization

Designation

Duration

Abercrombie and Fitch

Manager IT

Feb 2011 - Till Date

Perficient Inc

Sr. Technical Consultant

April 29th​
​ 2008 – Feb 10th​
​ 2011

Satyam Computer Services Ltd.

Senior Software Engineer

Mar 29th​
​ 2004 –April 27th​
​ 2008

Education:

●

B.Tech in Electrical and Electronics Engineering , JNTU Anantapur,India

Professional Experience:
1. Abercrombie and Fitch
Feb 2011 - Present
Manager SOA
Platform: Apigee
​Apigee (SAAS) as Enterprise API platform across Abercrombie and FItch
Project Implementation
● Loyalty and Rewards
○ Solution design and development for Loyalty Api’s which is used by Ecommerce
platform and Mobile Apps
○ Integration between SAAS vendors using Apigee
● Shipping Optimization API’s
○ Solution Desigh for PUDO Api’s which are used by Ecommerce platform in check
out process
Platform:
OSB 12C , SOA 12C , Oracle Service Bus 11g , Oracle SOA Suite 11g , Oracle Business
Rules , Oracle Exadata database, IBM MQ 7.5 , Oracle AQ , Weblogic JMS, Oracle BAM ,Oracle
BPEL Process Manager, Oracle BPA,XSLT 2.0, Xquery,SOAP , REST ,Java, J2EE, JDeveloper
11g , Jdeveloper 12C , Oracle ADF
Project Implementation
● Loyalty and Rewards
○ Developed REST API’s which are used by Ecommerce platform and Order
Management System
○ Clients invoke API’s which are proxied through Apigee
●

●

●

12C Migration
○ Provided Framework for migrating 500 interfaces in current system from 11.1.1.5 to
12C OSB
Demandware Asia Site Framework
○ Implemented solution to setup OSB hosting real time web services between
Demandware SAAS solution and backend OMS system
Omni Channel Initiative
○ Order in Store
■ Solution involves Starmount Ipad software used by customers in stores to
place orders . OSB is a proxy layer/composite service layer between third
patry software for calling OMS backend webservices
○ Ship From Store
■ Vendornet hosts solution that allows stores to ship orders from Stores .

●

●

●

●

OSB is used as integration layer to send orders , inventory,skus to
vendornet packaged software
International Supply Chain Expansion
○ Integration with new 3PL partner in China and Hong Kong using existing SOA
framework and methodology
SOA 11g migration to Exadata database
○ Migrated existing SOA infrastructure to point to new Exadata database and doing
performance tuning required for SOA Application
Order Management System
○ Integration between Sterling OMS, 3PL Partners and Distribution Center Fulfillment
by integrating with Mahattan WMS
SOA 10g Migration to SOA 11g(11.1.1.5)
○ Architect solution and methodology for migrating existing SOA 10g to new version
of SOA and also using new features in 11g version

RFP

●

Enterprise API
○ Participated in Enterprise RFP by analysing product demos by vendors ( Apigee,
CA, IBM Blue Mix etc) and also scoring them appropriately
○ Selected product which supports both SAAS and On-Premise solution

●

ESB Support RFP
○ Drafting the requirements for Support RFP and also in selection committee of RFP
○ Participated in discussion with senior management about the selection process of
the vendor

​Project Management
● Task Management
○ JIRA is primarily used by both offshore and onsite resources to track time and task
status of the project. Good knowledge about Kanban, Sprint processes
○ Matrix Management - Worked with Solution delivery group to know about future
projects for capacity planning and also provide them with estimates , tracking hours
of offshore resources
● Resource Management
○ Managing 5 FTE resources and providing them guidance to fulfill annual and
personal goals
○ Work with Vendor frequently to discuss about capacity planning and resource
issues
2. Perficient Inc
Client :Abercrombie and Fitch
April 2008 - Feb 2011
Senior IT Consultant
Platform:

Oracle SOA Suite 10.1.3.3 , Oracle Business Rules , Oracle BPEL Process Manager ,IBM
MQ 6.2 , Oracle AQ ,XSLT, Xquery,Java, J2EE,JDeveloper 10.1.3.3,SOAP

Project Implementation
● RMS (Retail Merchandising System)
○ Architect integrations between RIB,IPOS , 3PL systems using Oracle ESB and
Oracle SOA Suite
● PO850 Process for 3PL Partners
○ Design solution to send PO information to external 3PL partners using Oracle
Business Rules and Oracle BPEL Process Manager
● FitchTrack IMU workflows
○ Design Workflow solution using Worklist application and defining process flow in
Oracle BPEL Processes

3. Satyam Computer Services Ltd/Tech Mahindra
March 2004 - April 2008
Senior Software Engineer
Platform:
Oracle Content services 10g , Oracle Portal 10g ,Oracle BPEL Process Manager 10.1.2
,XSLT,Java, J2EE,JDBC,JSP,Servlets,EJB 3.0,JAXB, Struts 2.0
Clients:
● Avago Technologies , Singapore
● AIG , US
● HP ,India
Project Implementation
● Product Literature
○ Web Application deployed as portlet on Oracle Portal. Application integrates with
Content management and initiates a workflow process using Oracle BPEL Process
manager
● HRIS
○ Web application deployed as portler on Oracle Portal. Users would create HR
related forms in the application.
● WINS Digital
○ Policy claims module in WINS module implementing using Struts framework

\n
Julia Zschiesche

House A, Gold Villa, 389 Clearwater Bay Road, Hong Kong  •  jzschiesche@colgate.edu  •  (315) 228 8995



Education

Colgate University, Bachelor of Arts, Hamilton NY           							                           May 2017

Double Major: Economics and Political Science 

Washington D.C. Political Science Study Group		  				                                                   Spring 2016

German Swiss International School, A-levels				   				                                  2009-2013

Wycombe Abbey School 										      			                         2006-2009



Internships

International Economic Development Council, Washington, D.C., Intern	 	                                      Fall 2016

Demonstrated time management skills by balancing academics and a 35 hour work week 

Researched case studies and assisted with multiple research projects and webinar presentations

Wrote many grant proposals, book reviews and blog posts about economic development in the U.S.

Received training on how to use multiple data collection software such as emsi

Gamma Logistics, Hong Kong, Accounts Intern 							                                      Summer 2014

Compiled trade relationship data between China and Hong Kong using Excel as part of research on Gamma Logistics prospective expansion plans 

Gathered insights on leadership changes in public firms to identify potential business partners

UNICEF Young Envoys Programme 2012, Hong Kong, Young Envoy 	                                    Fall 2012- Fall 2013

Selected as 1 of 60 students from a pool of 4000 candidates to participate in a Chinese program

Worked with UNICEF Hong Kong to create a campaign to help ethnic minority children in Vietnam

Travelled to Vietnam for a field visit and to talk to UNICEF headquarters 

Robert Tsui Solicitors & Co., Hong Kong, Intern 							                             Summer 2011

Compiled client information for cases and produced infographics for multiple presentations



Additional Experience

Colgate University Music Department, Student Employee	                                                  October 2013- present

	Manage concerts on the weekends by setting up equipment and receptions, and distributing marketing materials as well as enhanced time management skills by balancing academics & a 12 hour work week

Abercrombie and Fitch, Hong Kong, Salesperson 									                           2013

Created displays & sold merchandise at both Flagship stores for Abercrombie and Fitch & Hollister Co.

Demonstrated effective customer service and problem solving skills by managing customer concerns as well as time management skills by balancing academics and a 20 hour work week

The Adventist Hospital, Hong Kong, Intern OSH/EH and HR Department 		                             Summer 2012

Worked for HR Department to understand how a hospital is managed

Shadowed doctors and medical staff as they treated patients for the OSH/EH Department as well as researching hospital safety and the economic costs of installing certain practices and programs

Helping Hand; Father Sean Burke Centre, Hong Kong, Volunteer 				                                      Fall 2011

Volunteered at a center for the elderly suffering from dementia; participated in activities with patients and social workers, observed doctors and medical staff treat patients, helped management create and budget weekly excursions 



Campus Involvement 

Colgate International Community, Treasurer(Fall 2014), President (Spring 2015-present)               2013-present

Oversee and manage events for student group that creates events to help foster relationships between domestic and international students as well as control the budget

Mantiphondrakes, Member 												                              2013-present

Performed as part of  an acapella group at various fundraising and other campus events

University Chorus, Member 												                              2013-present

Participated in weekly practices and selected to participate in the European tour during Summer 2015

Colgate Class of 2018 & 2019 International Orientation, Core Group Leader                    Fall 2014, Fall 2015

Assisted incoming freshmen with culture shock and acted as a constant support system during the semester

		

Language Skills

Fully proficient: Chinese (Cantonese & Mandarin), German, English; Intermediate: French; Beginner: Spanish, Italian, Hungarian;\n
Arpit Kapoor
8125 48thAve, #509 ■ College Park, MD 20740 ■ 240.481.4996 ■ arpit.kapoor@rhsmith.umd.edu ■
www.linkedin.com/in/arpit-kapoor
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland
December 2017
Master of Science in Information Systems
GRE: 322
Coursework: Data Models and Decisions, DBMS, Managing Digital Business Markets, BigData, Data
Mining and Predictive Analysis, Strategic IT, Business Process Analysis, Data Networks and Infrastructure
Thapar University, Patiala, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Major: Electronics Instrumentation & Control

June 2013

Technical Skills:
Programming Languages: C, C++, Perl, Shell scripting, SQL, Python
Tools: Cygwin, Iperf, Tera Term, Perl Modules, Wireshark, Jenkins, Fail2ban, Apache-Tomcat, Git,
Ansible, Microsoft Office, Tableau, Excel, Salesforce, SQL management studio, Lucid Chart
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, MAC OS X
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Lybrate India Pvt Ltd, Faridabad, India
2015 – 2016
DevOps Engineer
 Managed a 3-member team, responsible for daily build and releases, maintaining website to support over
3000 daily transactions. (Jenkins, AWS, Apache-tomcat)
 Planned and developed automation frameworks, analyzed and implemented new tools and methods to
scale technology. (Shell, SQL, Ansible)
 Installed and implemented security programs for 8 servers and monitored network inefficiencies.
 Analyzed user feedback and reported critical software bugs, resulting in customer satisfaction and
relationship management.
 Supervised configuration of a tool to prevent phishing attacks. This helped reduce constant monitoring
procedures and workload, bringing down server overloads by 50%. (Fail2ban)
Cavium Networks India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore, India
2013 – 2015
System Validation Engineer
 Coordinated testing across 4 offices to ensure product testing, End to End testing, IPsec testing for 3
products. (LTE small cells and Cellular Base Stations)
 Collaborated with developers, clients, on site teams, creating and testing in on field conditions to ensure
reliability of product.
 Created and Executed Test plans, performed rigorous testing of release and features to ensure delivery of
an efficient and functional product.
 Conducted quality and functional testing and reported software bugs with a sample of 128 users,
incorporated network feedback. (TM500, Bugzilla, Wireshark)
 Developed automation framework for End to End testing. Used across 3 teams, decreasing manual work
and mistakes by 75%. (Perl, Shell and Socket Programming)
PROJECTS
University Rankings Database
 Gathered, extracted and processed data regarding three courses MBA, MSBA, MSIS across universities
in the US to design an aggregator.
 Performed data transformation and upload to SQL server using SQL server management studio.
 Used Salesforce to help visualize the data using dashboards and reports.
Telecom Services Analysis
 Worked in a team of 5, to analyze and provide technology consulting to a telecom service provider based
in Zambia.

\n
Azsaneé Truss
1 Glen Avon Drive | Newark, Delaware 19702
(302)-584-5866 | atruss@terpmail.umd.edu
EDUCATION
University of Maryland (UMD), College Park, MD
Bachelor of Science, Information Systems
University Honors Program, Honors College
GPA: 3.72

Expected: December 2015

WORK EXPERIENCE
Technology Advisory Program Intern, Ernst & Young LLP
May 2015-August 2015
New York, NY
 Assist with data aggregation and reconciliation to be used for financial reporting by a global bank
 Meet with the client to understand their current financial reporting systems and develop strategic improvements
 Collaborate with upper-level management to create a proposal for a new initiative with an existing client
 Attended the firm’s annual International Intern Leadership Conference, where sessions covered topics such as inclusiveness,
team-building, and leaving a legacy
Orientation Advisor, Office of Orientation and New Student Programs
November 2013-April 2015
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
 Assist in acclimating 4,000 incoming freshmen and 2,000 transfer students to the University of Maryland campus community
 Throughout summer and winter New Student Orientation Programs, advise and counsel groups of up to 30 new students
 Collaborate with a team of fellow advisors to implement successful orientation programs
 Facilitate small group discussions and address student and parent concerns in a realistic yet professional manner
Strategic Business Operations Fellow, FAIR Girls Inc.
May 2012-May 2014
Washington, D.C.
 Provide counseling, mentoring, job searching, and crisis management services to victims of human trafficking and other
forms of sexual exploitation.
 Assisted with grant research and writing, such as a $100,000 grant from the State Department to fund a transitional home for
survivors
 Developed and implemented an organizational inventory system for JewelGirls jewelry

ACTIVITIES
President, Ballet Company M
April 2014-Present
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
 University of Maryland’s premier, fully student run ballet company
 Choreograph two public performances per year, collaborate with the Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center to plan the event,
and hold class and rehearsal twice per week
Social Innovation Scholar, College of Art and Humanities
January 2013-Present
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
 Collaborated with a small group of fellow scholars to develop individual social activism projects on topics such as sex
trafficking, sustainability, women’s’ rights, and education in low-income communities
 Provide mentorship and assistance to the next cohort of scholars throughout their program experience

HONORS & AWARDS
Member, Omicron Delta Kappa – Sigma Circle
$2,500 Grant Award Winner for FAIR Girls Inc., Social Innovation Scholar
Recipient, University of Maryland Presidential Scholarship
Recipient, Robert H. Cook National Scholarship
Member, W.E.B. Du Bois Honor Society
Speaker, Social Enterprise Symposium

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: Visual Basic, SQL
Tools: Visible Analyst, Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, Visio, Microsoft Access

October 2015 - Present
February 2014
2012-2015
2014-2015
September 2014-Present
February 2015

\n
Sukanti Sahu

Email: sukantisahu02@gmail.com

Cell: (434) 832 9764





Experience Summary







Dynamic, competent and result oriented professional with 10 plus years of experience in Quality Control/Assurance Software Testing involving complex Client/Server, Mobile and Web based applications.

In-depth knowledge of all QA Phases that include Manual, Functional, System, Unit, Integration, End-to-end, Business Process testing.

Experience in analyzing functional requirements and translate them to test cases.

Well acquainted with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).

Performed Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing and Compatibility Testing.

Good exposure to Test Automation using QTP.

Good Knowlegde and Experience in Object Oriented Design in VB scripts. Proficient in mapping business requirements, designing customized solutions and planning test strategies with strong analytical skills and ability to analyze business practices and define optimal procedures or practices

Exposure to Load Runner.

Proficient in developing, maintaining and executing test cases for different Black Box Testing methodologies.

Reviewed test cases for peers and given valuable comments about test case coverage and functionality.

Prepared Traceability Matrix to ensure the test case coverage for all requirements

Strong experience in leveraging Quality Center capabilities in Test Management involving Requirements , Test Plan, Test Lab and Defect Tracking

Participated in Daily Standup Meetings and Weekly Project Status Meeting with Team Members.

Possess good communication skill, attention to detail.

Self-motivated individual and a good team player with good analytical skills. 

Good Knowledge on Agile Methodologies (SCRUM model) and Waterfall SDLC.

Training and Knowledge transfer sessions to team members on various testing methodologies.        

Experience in validating the data from the database using DML, DDL SQL statements.





Key Engagements





Project		:	US Census Bureau – CBS Testing Commerce Business Systems

Employer	:	Prime Source Technologies DC, USA

Role		:	Sr. Quality Control Analyst 

Skills	:	Process Assessment, Testing methodologies, Test Strategy, Planning and     Execution, Defect Management 

Environment	:	HP ALM, Oracle, Word, EXCEL, SBM tool.

Duration	:	Sept 2016– till date

Highlights	:	

CBS has Census Developed Applications (Feeder) and Core Financial System(CFS)

Mainly worked on feeder side which has more than 20 applications. The application on which I have worked on are:

ESPS

CUR

Parking

Carpool

GI Application

Responsibilities



Involved in Modernization Requirement Gathering Document.

Actively involved in creating the Test plan and Test Strategy.

Participated in walk-through of the Functional Requirement document and Test Plan.

Involved in preparing the test scenarios based on the Functional Requirement document.

Prepared Test cases and test scripts based on the test scenarios.

Involved in preparing the RTM (Requirement Traceability Matrix) document which maps all the requirements with the appropriate baseline test cases.

Performed Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing and Regression testing as part of the manual test case execution.

Participate in defect reviews and defect tracking Meeting with the developers during the test execution.

Validation of the operations in the application.

Involved in writing Oracle queries for database testing.

Worked on Oracle using TOAD for testing the data flow.

Analyzing Test Results

Defect Reporting and Tracking using Quality Center. 

Involved in finalizing and archiving all test deliverables.











Project		:	Amtrak – Ticketing

Employer	:	TekBank Consultants VA, USA

Role		:	Sr. Test Engineer 

Skills	:	Process Assessment, Testing methodologies, Test Strategy, Planning and     Execution, Defect Management 

Environment	:	HP ALM, SoapUI, Oracle, Word, EXCEL.

Duration	:	June 2015– Aug 2016

Highlights	:	

Amtrak.com ticketing application is a key revenue booking system created for use by Amtrak customers to allow near-real-time access to reservation information and processing, schedules, train status, station information, AGR information, alerts, and marketing information. Amtrak Mobile Rider application is an additional booking channel which is growing at a very fast pace and has over 4 million users and 8 million+ downloads.

Responsibilities



Reviewed Requirement Document.

Actively involved in creating the Test plan and Test Strategy.

Participated in walk-through of the Functional Requirement document and Test Plan.

Worked as part of Agile team (SCRUM MODEL).

Involved in preparing the test scenarios based on the Functional Requirement document.

Prepared Test cases and test scripts based on the test scenarios.

Involved in Daily Stand up Meeting.

Involved in preparing the RTM(Requirement Traceability Matrix) document which maps all the requirements with the appropriate baseline test cases.

Performed Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing and Regression testing as part of the manual test case execution.

Participate in defect reviews and defect tracking Meeting with the developers during the test execution.

Tested the SOAP requests and responses using SOAPUI tool.

Validation of the operations in the application.

Involved in writing Oracle queries for database testing.

Worked on Oracle using TOAD for testing the data flow.

Analyzing Test Results

Defect Reporting and Tracking using Quality Center. 

Involved in finalizing and archiving all test deliverables.

Involved in preparing the UAT test cases and test executing prior to production deployment.

Participated in project closure activities

Supported the project warranty period.











Project		:	EHR

Employer	:	TekBank Consultants VA, USA

Role		:	Sr. Quality Test Engineer 

Skills	:	Process Assessment, Testing methodologies, Test Strategy, Planning and Execution, Defect Management,

Environment	:	HP ALM, SoapUI, Oracle, Word, EXCEL.

Duration	:	Jan 2012 – May 2015

Highlights	:	

EHR is the cloud-based medical office software and services platform dedicated to small practices. It offers an integrated suite of products and services designed to help small practice physicians get paid faster, run their business smarter and provide better care. Its Practice Management software, Billing Services, and free, full-featured EHR help more than 20,000 medical providers more efficiently manage the business and clinical sides of their practice. 

Responsibilities



Analyzed business requirements, software requirement specifications to create test plan and test cases for both manual and automated testing

Created Test Cases, Test Scripts and Test Data based on the Design, Test Plan and Business Scenarios.

Mapping the Detail Designs, Use cases and Functional Requirements.

Generated test related documents including test plans, test procedures based on the functional specifications and worked with team members to formulate, refine and distribute test plans based on the business requirements.

Ensured that testing standards (functional, Build Acceptance, Regression) are met.

Provided status of test execution and escalated defects and issues with team members in timely manner.

Involved in regression testing after each modification and enhancement.

Worked with the development team to ensure that testing issues were resolved in a timely manner.

Involved in the testing of a web-based application delivering major enhancements for customers to perform variety of on-line functions

















Project		:	Wyndham Travelodge – Ticketing

Employer	:	Amba Maa Inc.  Travelodge – Lynchburg, VA-USA

Role		:	Test Engineer

Skills		:	Process Assessment, Testing methodologies

Environment	:	Quality Center

Duration	:	Oct 2007 – Nov 2011

Highlights	:	

Wyndham group is a leading Hospitality company all over the globe. It’s has a Ticketing system to manage the bookings and reservations of the clients. It has a web-based system with different modules for ticketing, food and beverage and support staff.



Responsibilities



Knowledge gathering of functional requirements 

Test Scenarios and Test Case Identification 

System and Regression Testing 

Test Execution

Reporting and Logging of the Defects

Running the Regression Suit created using QTP.

Occasionally developing the QTP script for Regression testing. 

Coordination with Business Analyst and also the team members for any concerns and issues. 











Project		:	ICICI Prudential Insurance

Employer	:	SPANCO - India 

Role		:	Test Engineer

Skills		:	Testing methodologies

Environment	:	Quality Center

Duration	:	Nov 2005 – March 2007

Highlights	:	ICICI is a leading Banking firm all over the Globe. Finance, Banking and Insurance are the major functions of ICICI.



Responsibilities



Understanding of the Business Application and functionality

Creation of Test Cases

Execution of Test Cases

Review of Test Cases

Reporting and Logging of the Defect











Education



Bachelor of Science - Mumbai University 2005





Technology Competencies



Software Engineering Methodologies/Tools/Techniques	: Manual Testing, Test Automation,   Performance Testing, Agile testing.



Network/Telecom/Systems Software	: Web Testing, Mobile



Domains	: Banking, Finance, Health Care, Transportation and Insurance.



Databases	: Oracle 9i, 10g



Development/Productivity Tools	: HP ALM Quality Center, QTP, VB Scripts, LoadRunner, SOAP UI, SBM.



Methodology	: Waterfall and Agile.



Operating System	: Windows, Mac OS.



Other Tools	: MS Office, Visio, Power Point, Outlook.



Programming Language	: VB, XML and SQL. 





Awards/Recognition



2009 Excellent Performance Award

2014 EHR Quarterly Performance Award 







References



Available on request.\n
David Ray Reizes

Senior Consultant / Web Developer / Java Software Engineer / Architect

David Ray Reizes
Senior Consultant / Java Software Engineer / Architect

SUMMARY

















20+ year’s professional computer programming experience, including 15 years of Java, J2EE and Technical
Architecture designing and implementing java web applications, web services, and SOA with both SOAP and
RESTful APIs.
Experienced developing and implementing high-level requirements and technical specifications for web-enabled
business strategies. Familiarity with enterprise application architecture, design patterns, and schema design for
implementation of dynamic web applications and enterprise databases in Oracle, MySql, and SqlServer
environments.
Java experience includes JDK 9, 8, 7, 6 and 5.0, J2EE, J2SE, JDBC, JAAS, WSDP, JAX, and JMS. Successfully
engineered Web Services and Applications using Java Servlets and JSP based GUI's utilizing Spring-boot, Spring
MVC / IoC, Struts, JSF, Java API's for XML, Jakarta Taglibs, and EJB's in Tomcat, WebSphere, Oracle WebLogic,
JBoss, Oracle AS, and Inprise Application Server environments.
Extensive cross-platform experience with Windows 10/8/2000, Windows NT, Solaris, RedHat Linux, UNIX, LINUX,
XDE, ViewPoint, Compugraphic and SGI. Experience porting legacy data to Oracle using PERL, SQL, and PLSQL.
Cutting edge internet programming experience with HTML, DHTML, xHTML, UML, JavaScript, Dojo, jQuery, SOA,
AJAX, Drools (JBoss Rules), XML, SQL, CGI/shell scripting, PERL, EMB-PERL, PERL-LWP, PERL-DBI, PERLDBD:Oracle, PERL-Syperl, Java, Java-JMS, Java WSDP, Java JAX-WS, Java JAX-RPC, Java JAXP, Java JAXB,
Java SAAJ, JDK-5.0, Java-2 API, Java 1.1.x API, Java-Servlets, Java-JSP, Java-Beans, Java-EJB, Java-InfoBus
API, Java-Swing, Java-JDBC, Java-Taglibs API, Java-J2ME, Java-3D API, Java-IDL/ORB/CORBA, Java-Security,
Java-XML, Java-Collections, Visual Basic, VBS, ASP, Active-X, COM, Real-Audio/Video, Flash, iChat, Cold-Fusion,
Oracle, and including Open-Source: Boingo Embedded Toolkit, Mule Enterprise Service Bus, Active-MQ, Sun Java
System Message Queue, Drools, Ibatis, XStream, Spring Framework, Dojo Framework, Ajax, SOAP, and REST.
Experience with Apache, Jakarta/Tomcat, Apache-Axis, Weblogic, Websphere, Netscape Enterprise Server,
Microsoft IIS, Macromedia Generator, VNC, Web Server Security, Webtrends, InterShop, mySQL, Oracle,
SQLServer, Sybase, Informix, Inprise, Oracle, Glassfish / Sun One, and Novell.
Experienced with B2C e-commerce developing highly-scalable dynamic websites including disney.com, ktel.com,
and etoys.com. J2EE web application and web services B2C, B2B experience developing and supporting ebay
paypal.com, wellsfargo.com/mortgage, americhoice.com, boingo.com/boingo-embedded.php. Security Enabled web
services with Identity and Authorization designing and supporting Oauth2 services for PayPal.com. As well as work
developing the California Judicial Council – Court Case Management system. And Radius AAA for the boingo
embedded toolkit.
Attend Industry Trade Conferences in the pursuit of Continuing Professional Education from Oracle including
JavaOne 2015 where I focused on the Internet of Things enabled by Java ME and JavaEE, Java ME Embedded 8
and the ARM Cortex-M. MicroServices with JavaEE7 based CDI using Apache DeltaSpike and AngularBeans.
Including preparing for JDK9 and Building Cloud-Native Applications. Previously attended OpenWorld / JavaOne
2012. Which Included an Oracle University session: Architecting the Cloud and Beyond. As well as JavaOne
sessions and hands-on workshops: EE6, JMS 3.0, EJB 3.0, Mobile and Embedded Java, WebServices, JavaFX,
HTML 5.0, WebSockets and Server Side Events.
Attended 2009 and 2007 the Oracle Open World Java Developer Conference. Focusing on XML Applications with
Oracle XML DB, Weblogic 11g Web Services, Enterprise Messaging Grid - Weblogic JMS/Oracle Advanced
Queuing, Event Driven Architecture with Oracle Complex Event Processing, JPA EclipseLink, Business Rules and
Workflow in Oracle SOA Suite 11g, Oracle TimesTen in-Memory Database 11g Cache, Oracle Coherence
Application level cache, SOA Data Grid Service- Result-Cache and Oracle Performance by Design. Experience with
Oracle JDeveloper, Oracle ADF Faces/Trinidad, EJB 3.0, Java Persistence API, Oracle TopLink, Java XML Binding
for SOA, Oracle BPEL enterprise service bus, Web Application Security - JAZN, Oracle JDBC Best Practices, and
Oracle 10g Application Server.

David Ray Reizes
Sr. Consultant Java Solutions
cell: 310-292-0250 | txt: 3102920250@pm.sprint.com | http://daveray.net

David Ray Reizes

Senior Consultant / Web Developer / Java Software Engineer / Architect

JAVA and WEB ENABLED BUSINESS TECHNOLOGIES
Technical
Java, J2EE Web Services
development

Years
18+

Java Development
In Memory Data Grid

14+
4+

Distributed Systems

12+

REST

5+

Web Services
JMS

9+
4+

EJB

6+

Design Patterns

Test Driven Development
Continuous Integration

12+

5+
4+

Tomcat
Weblogic

12+
6+

JBOSS
Maven
Ant Build

4+
2+
12+

Experience
Since 1995: Relevant java experience includes JDK 5.0,
6, 7, 8, J2EE, J2SE, JDBC, JAAS, WSDP, JAX and JMS.
Successfully engineered Web Services and Applications
using Java Servlets and JSP based GUI’s utilizing
Spring-boot, Spring MVC/IoC, Struts, JSF, JAVA API’s for
XML, Jakarta Taglibs, EJB’s in Tomcat, WebSphere,
Oracle WebLogic and JBOSS
Since 1998: 14 years JAVA/11 years J2EE
Since 2008: Oracle Times ten /Derby DB /
Coherence/Hibernate Cache / J Cache JCS
Since 1988: Client Server / WebLogic Cluster /
MQSeries
Since 1988: Javascript clients / AJAX / Endpoint
API/Jersey
Since 2007: SOAP / REST / Java SE / Axis
Since 2005: RabbitMQ / Active MQ / Mule ESB / JMSQ/
Enterprise Messaging Grid / Weblogic JMS / Oracle
Advanced Queuing / Event Driven Architecture with
Oracle Complex Event Processing
Since 2003: EJB 2.0/ EJB 3.0/ JPA/ CDI/ JWS/
Servlet/XML/ Annotation
Since 2004: MVC / DAO / BO / VO / JPA / JAAS / JAX /
CDI / SOA / ESB / EDA / CEP / Facade / Business
Delegate / Interceptor / Proxy / Observer / State /
Factory / Singleton / Service to worker / Service
Activator / Executor Service / Micro Services / Agent /
Actor / Reactor
Since 2005: Junit/Selenium / HttpUnit / Eclipse
Since 2009: Jenkins / Jira / Stash / Fisheye / Bamboo /
Chef / virtualization
Since 2000
Since 2007: Weblogic 11g Web Services / Enterprise
Messaging Grid / Weblogic JMS
Since 2005
Since 2011
Since 1999

David Ray Reizes
Sr. Consultant Java Solutions
cell: 310-292-0250 | txt: 3102920250@pm.sprint.com | http://daveray.net

David Ray Reizes

Senior Consultant / Web Developer / Java Software Engineer / Architect

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sr. Consultant / Java Software Engineer / Technical Architect
1/2010 – present
August West Inc.
PayPal, San Jose, CA [ CSC/BravoTech, Texas ]
VSP, Sacramento, CA [ ALKU Technologies, Massachusetts ]
AT&T Research Labs, New York - remote [ Oxford International, Wisconsin ]
Bosch Automotive, Santa Barbara, CA [ Oxford International, Wisconsin ]
Data Trak Inc., Texas - remote [ Oxford International, Wisconsin ]
Valicore / Green Hills Software, Irvine, CA [ Oxford International, Wisconsin ]
Warner Bros. Studios, Burbank, CA [ Odessus, Los Angeles ]
American Tours International, Los Angeles, CA [ Creek Systems, Irvine ]
Toyota, Torrance, CA [ TPG Consulting, Aliso Viejo ]



Designing and developing new features of existing B2B web applications and webservices, code maintenance, with
unit, performance and functional testing.
Design and implementation of SOA webservices with SOAP, REST, and RESTful API design and development.



Implementation of Secure Web Services, Single Sign On, and OAUTH2 Token Security.




Embedded programming for vehicle telematic diagnostic tooling within the automotive domain
using Eclipse RCP.
Experienced with DevOps, including Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery systems.



Proficient in creating UML and BPMN modeling language diagrams.



Hands on experience with WebLogic, JBOSS, virtualization and the cloud.



For an end-client in Detroit's automotive domain: Solution Architecture and Full-Stack implementation of a
Command-Control GUI including SOAP Web-Services wrapping a RESTful API for an Embedded PKS KeySigningServer. JAAS Security Providers utilized the Embedded Server's Identity Manager and the application web-services
were divided into Secure and Public Domains, with Role–Based Secure Session Management. Supporting 2-Factor
Authentication and Federated Security Services integrated with Oracle Identity Manager.
SAP back-office RESTful API design and implementation for integration with legacy consumer facing webservice
platform of an insurance domain single payer provider.
RESTful API migration, design and development for Identity Access Management MicroServices in production
featuring backwards compatibility with existing deployed developer communtiy API's.
Production support for Service Level Agreements with code pain-point identification and solution design including
recode to parallel processing architecture, code review, quality assurance and production monitoring of Real-Time
RISK Rules-Engine based MicroServices for Tokenized Payment Services.
Sun Identity Manager, AT&T SAFE, Eclipse RCP, OSGI, JSP, J2EE, Apache Wicket, Tapestry, GWT, SmartClient,
Hibernate Search, Lucene, SOLR, jUnit, Selenium, Tomcat, JBoss-M3, WebLogic 10.3, Oracle 11i/12c, Glassfish,
OTA webservices, RESTful webservices, OAUTH2, WSS, B2B, B2C, HTML5, Javascript, AJAX, JSON, REST,
SOAP, XML, XSLT, XSD, JAX-RS, Jersey, JAX-WS, Metro, JAX-B, JAAS, Jetty 8, JDK-J2SE 7, Two-Factor Auth,
OIM, IAM, Apache Thrift, SOA, Node.js, Embedded Architecture, Vehicle Telematics, Legacy Service Integration,
MicroServices, TDD, jUnit, Mokito, Maven, Spring-boot, Eclipse RCP, Jenkins, Nexus, JPA, Hibernate, XML, SQL,
JIRA, Stash, FishEye, Bamboo, Chef, VMWare, Oracle BOX, AWS, Architecture, Client, SasS, IaaS, PaaS, AWS:
EC2, EBS, S3, VPC, VMWare, VBox, Virtual Clouds, Hybrid Clouds, Architecting the Cloud and Beyond, AWS Cloud
Summit.







David Ray Reizes
Sr. Consultant Java Solutions
cell: 310-292-0250 | txt: 3102920250@pm.sprint.com | http://daveray.net

David Ray Reizes

Senior Consultant / Web Developer / Java Software Engineer / Architect

Technical Analyst / Sr. Java Developer
California Administrative Office of the Courts, Costa Mesa, CA
Project- Court Case Management System




2/2009 – 1/2010

Designing Software Technical Requirements for an EJB / J2EE web application running on Oracle Weblogic 10.3
and Oracle 11g database.
Developing interfaces and abstract classes for new A.P.I. level functionality for the business services layer.
Utilizing business rules, EJBs, JPA, and JCS application level caches. (JDK 1.6, JSP, Ajax, Struts, Spring,
XmlBeans, JBoss rules / drools, JCS, Kodo JPA, Oracle 11g, Weblogic 10.3, Eclipse, JUnit, Ant)

Java Software Engineer / Architect
Threshold Interactive, Culver City, CA

7/2008 – 10/2008



Lead for an offshore development group in Mexico.



Performed requirement analysis, software architecture and design, code review, build and integration management
for a WEB 2.0 Community website featuring a video game associated with the entertainment industry.
JDK 1.6, JSP, Ajax, jQuery, dojo, JSTL, JSF, Apache MyFaces-Trinidad, MySQL, oracle TopLink Essentials JPA,
XStream 1.3, XPP2, Jettison, JSON, XML, SOAP, SSO and REST



Senior Web Developer/Software Engineer
AmeriChoice, a UnitedHealth Group Company, Phoenix, AZ.



Developed the member enrollment web application for a new medicare state insurance line
of United Healthcare Group.
Development of a web portal for healthcare providers (2003-05), utilized J2EE, Tomcat, Oracle 8i, and Sun design
patterns including Java Beans, JSP's and Servlets integrated with Perot Systems' Diamond healthcare product.
(SOA, web services, xml, javascript, dojo, ajax, J2EE, Tomcat, Oracle 8i, and Sun design patterns including Java
Beans, JSP's and Servlets) (J2EE, Tomcat, Oracle8i, javascript, dHTML, CSS, WebApps, Web Architecture, AIX)

Senior Java Developer
United Healthcare Group / Ovations, New York






07/2006 – 03/2007

New York State Child Healthcare Program, provided system architecture/design and java development of
'SuperCHP' - Healthcare Program enrollment application utilizing SOA, AJAX, Drools (JBoss Rules),
J2EE, Tomcat, Oracle 8i
Development of a web portal for healthcare providers utilizing J2EE, Tomcat, Oracle 8i, and Sun design patterns
including Java Beans, JSP's and Servlets integrated with Perot Systems' Diamond healthcare product. (SOA, web
services, xml, javascript, dojo, ajax, J2EE, Tomcat, Oracle 8i, and Sun design patterns including Java Beans, JSP's
and Servlets) (J2EE, Tomcat, Oracle8i, javascript, dHTML, CSS, WebApps, Web Architecture, AIX)

Senior Software Engineer JAVA
Wells Fargo HMC, Arizona.


10/2007 – 5/2008

04/2007 – 10/2007

Developed a JUnit based java RMI real-time automated testing API for Wells Fargo Financial Home Mortgage
Company's SOA MQSeries Weblogic application server.
Also served as primary on-call 24/7 production environment support engineer on a six week rotation with other team
members. (Oracle, JMS, SOAP, WebLogic, MQSeries, XSLST, ANT, JunitEE, Junit)

David Ray Reizes
Sr. Consultant Java Solutions
cell: 310-292-0250 | txt: 3102920250@pm.sprint.com | http://daveray.net

David Ray Reizes

Senior Consultant / Web Developer / Java Software Engineer / Architect

JAVA Web Developer/Software Engineer
ClearPath Networks, El Segundo CA


GUI design and middle tier programming for web based network administration tool and customer premise
equipment installation wizard. (PERL, javascript, dHTML, CSS, GIMP, WebApps, Web Architecture, RedHat Linux)

JAVA Software Engineer
Oncall Personnel, San Diego, CA


12/2001 – 2/2002

Worked onsite at the MPAA on a EJB webApp with a sql server 7 backend running in the tomcat application server
environment. (J2EE, JSP, Servlets, SQL Server, Tomcat, HTML, javaScript)

Contract Software Engineer
Azius Developer Training (www.azius.com) Redondo Beach, CA


4/2002 – 5/2002

Telecommuting assignment developing a webApp written in perl to the EJB architecture with a mysql backend.
Responsible for everything from the architecture to the database design. (PERL, MySQL, XML, WebApps, Web
Architecture/Security)

Contract Senior Java Developer software engineer
Motion Picture Association of America in Encino, CA


10/2002 – 4/2003

GUI design and support for indxhq navigation bar. Client side web application of a J2EE enterprise 'solution server'
software product which is run in production worldwide by major oil companies (Java, javascript, dHTML, CSS, .NET,
XML, Rational Clearcase, WebApps, Web Architecture/Security)

Software Engineer/Web Developer
Ballantyne, Newport Beach, CA


5/2003 – 12/2003

GUI Design and programming of a custom e-commerce engine consisting of object-oriented-style enterprise-bean
perl modules hosted by apache on a linux server with a mySQL database. (PERL, mySql, apache, CSS, RedHat
Linux)

Senior Web Developer/Software Engineer
INDX Software, Aliso Viejo, CA


12/2003 – 01/2004

High-level architecture design and prototyping of a websphere JMS/XSL web service linking a Siebel front-end to an
Oracle order-entry system (Websphere 5.0, WSAD 5.1, P/L SQL, Oracle 9i,CSS, RedHat Linux)

JAVA Engineer
VeryCoolGifts.com, Hermosa Beach, CA


03/2004 – 04/2004

1/2001 – 12/2001

Design and programming of a dynamic website consisting of object-oriented-style enterprise perl modules using perl
objects as a data model. The site is self-published via a web browser. (PERL, Adobe photoshop, gif animator)

David Ray Reizes
Sr. Consultant Java Solutions
cell: 310-292-0250 | txt: 3102920250@pm.sprint.com | http://daveray.net

David Ray Reizes

Senior Consultant / Web Developer / Java Software Engineer / Architect

JAVA Developer
Boingo Wireless, Santa Monica, CA




8/2005 – 6/2006

Architecture, Design, RAD-Development and Documentation of Boingo's open source Embedded Wi-Fi Toolkit Configuration Server (Web Service).
R&D prototype for JMS internal messaging system between distributed server components using Mule Enterprise
Service Bus and ActiveMQ.
Performance testing of JMS comparing ActiveMQ and Sun JMSQ using JUnit. Design and implementation of Web
Services XML Security for SOAP based Web Service (Boingo Configuration Server) using Java JAAS and Radius
AAA. SOAP RMI and Client development include Spring Framework based Web GUI with AJAX and DOJO
Framework integration. Development of Rete Rule-Engine (Drools) based validator for wireless configuration data.

JAVA Developer
United Internet Technology, Los Angeles, CA

6/2000 – 12/2000



100% Pure Java R&D for United Internet Technologies' Advanced Technology Development Group.



Successfully developed Applets, Applications, and Enterprise Java Beans able share data and pooled resources in
real-time to access remote network devices, databases and com/active-x controls in a browser based architecture
transparent to the end user by utilizing J2EE.

Java Developer
Rotor.net, Los Angeles, CA


2/2000 – 6/2000

Oracle 8i Development using Oracle Developer 2000 and JDeveloper. Schema documentation, database backup
and design/optimization. Web development using Perl and JavaScript. (Rotor Network, Real-Audio/Video, Apache,
PERL, PERL-DBI, PERL-DBD:Oracle, Oracle Developer 2000, Oracle JDeveloper, PL-SQL, Rational Rose, UML,
XML, Visio, HTML, javaScript, LINUX.)

Software Engineer, Sharf, Woodward & Assoc., Sherman Oaks, CA

8/1999 – 12/1999

Webmaster, Candle, El Segundo, CA

2/1999 – 10/1999

Webmaster/Developer, PeopleWare, Inc., El Segundo, CA

2/1998 – 12/1998

Sr. Web Integrator, Walt Disney Co. (disney.com), North Hollywood, CA

5/1996 – 12/1997

Art Director, Lahaina News, Lahaina, HI

1/1994 – 12/1995

EDUCATION
California State University Northridge, CA
Professional, Art 2D Media
Granada Hills High, Granada Hills, CA

11/1976 – 6/1980
June 1976

CERTIFICATIONS
New Horizons- Computer Learning Center, Culver City, CA
Professional, Java @ UIT Enterprise Custom J2EE Training

David Ray Reizes
Sr. Consultant Java Solutions
cell: 310-292-0250 | txt: 3102920250@pm.sprint.com | http://daveray.net

2000

\n
Regina Ann Lapierre

4910 Redford Road

Bethesda, MD 20816

301-656-1727

Cell: 301-785-1166

lapierre.regina@gmail.com



Highly flexible and analytical, with extensive experience in proposal development and management, team building, capture and solutions support, technical writing and editing. Communications and research in information technology, energy, utilities, and international development. Able to collaborate with high level industry experts from various cultures and disciplines, turning complex concepts into persuasive and highly readable copy for a wide range of international readership, including government contracting officers, CIOs, and technology professionals. Develop proposals, high level technical and market reports, news releases, articles, newsletters and content for websites. Proven ability to work under tight deadlines in a variety of format and product types.



Experienced in federal and state contracts. Leadership, support, and writing roles in proposals for major contract vehicles, including: 

Contract

Role(s)

Status

DHS PACTS I

Deputy Director

Awarded

DHS PACTS II

Proposal Manager

Pending

DHS EAGLE II

Deputy Director, Writer

Awarded

Navy Seaport-e

Deputy Director

Awarded

GSA VETS

Deputy Director

Awarded

DOC NOAA CAP

Proposal Manager 

Awarded

FAA e-FAST

Writer

Awarded

VA ITSS

Deputy Director

Awarded

NASA SEWP V

Proposal Director, Manager, Writer

Awarded Group D

GSA OASIS

Proposal Manager

Awarded Pools 1 and 4

SIFMII

Volume Lead, Writer

Pending

DHMSM

Writer 

Pending

USSOCOM-SWMS-B

Deputy Manager, Writer

Pending

NGA-OCC

Manager

Pending

CDC-DPTAMSS

Manager

Pending

NSA-STADIATHING

Technical Writer

Pending

DOT-FAA-HRIS (RFI)

Writer, White Paper Response

In Development



Federal customers include FAA; DOJ; DOS; DOE; GSA; CDC; VA; USDA; CFPB; DHS; Navy; Army; Air Force; USPTO; DOC (NOAA); USAID, and DIA.



EXPERIENCE

CONSULTANT											2015

Manager, CDC DPTAMSS (IDIQ)

Provided on-site and remote support for a response to an RFP for Domestic Professional/Technical, Administrative, and Medical Support Services for the Centers for Disease Control. Managed all aspects of proposal development and preparation including the creation of schedules, outlines, and compliance matrices. Worked with artist to develop graphic elements and wrote substantial parts of management, technical, past performance, and key personnel sections. Worked with client and partners to incorporate content. Coordinated meetings and managed color reviews. (Value $21 million per Task Area)



Manager, NGA OCC										2015

Managed all aspects of proposal development and preparation of response to an RFP from the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency to provide Visual Communications Services to the Office of Corporate Communications. Developed outline, schedules, calendars, and compliance matrices. Provided editorial support for all volumes, incorporating ongoing feedback from the proposal team. Coordinated meetings internally and with partners and conducted daily stand ups and color team reviews. Worked with artist to develop graphic elements. (Value $7.5 million)



Writer, Deputy Proposal Manager USSOCOM SWMS-B (IDIQ)

Provided on-site support to develop a proposal in response to an RFP for U.S. Special Operations Command for SOCOM-Wide Mission Support. Wrote and edited technical volume, interviewed SMEs, coordinated and edited technical input from subcontractors, and assisted with storyboarding and the development of graphic elements. (Value $1.5 billion ceiling)



Writer, Technical Solution, DoD – DHMSM (IDIQ)

Collaborated with clinicians and IT team to develop “Product Usability” section, which involved several scenarios and a “patient journey” for military service personnel from the battlefield through hospitalization and rehabilitation, for response to the Defense Healthcare Management System Modernization RFP issued by the Department of Defense. Demonstrated how client solution consolidated patient information and demonstrated ease of use and improved care for each role along the journey. (Value $11 billion)

								

Volume Manager for Past Performances, DIA – SIFMII (IDIQ)

Collected Past Performances and managed contributors’ efforts for a response to an RFP from the Defense Intelligence Agency seeking Solutions for Intelligence Financial Management. Edited Past Performance Volume. Edited the Past Performance Volume. (Value $19 million)



Proposal Manager DHS - PACTS II (IDIQ)

Managed all aspects of proposal development and preparation for an RFP for Professional, Administrative, Clerical, and Technical Services for the Department of Homeland Security. Contributed to capture efforts for client, securing the commitment of a key partner. Coordinated meetings and reviews and developed and edited key proposal sections. Successfully submitted proposal ahead of deadline. (Value $1.5 billion)



ACCESSAGILITY, Vienna, VA								2013 to 2014

Proposal Director, 

Manager for NASA-SEWPV (GWAC - awarded)

Set up and managed all aspects of proposal department, including online tracking systems, response protocol, process guidelines, and bid/no-bid criteria. Created proposal design, format, and style guide. Planned and managed all aspects of response. Identified and monitored opportunities and forged relationships with vendors and government contacts; developed proposal content strategy; wrote and edited proposals and prepared them for submission.

Managed and developed proposal in response to NASA’s RFP for the fifth iteration of its Solutions for Enterprise Wide Procurement contract. This resulted in a major award for the company.

Worked with graphic artist to design proposal shells, graphics for SEWP V proposal, accompanying example of product brochure, and marketing pieces.

Established processes and protocols for proposal department.

Created website and sub sites to track opportunities and past submissions.

Engaged in business capture activities, such as opportunity tracking and participation at government-sponsored and industry-sponsored events.

Identified win themes and differentiators.

Conducted SWOT and color team meetings.

Facilitated bi-weekly proposal meetings.

Applied Shipley methodologies to proposal development.



ADDX, Alexandria, VA									2012 to 2013

Deputy Director, Proposal Development

	Managed all aspects of proposal development, from identification of strategic opportunities to proposal submission. Applied Shipley methodology to shape responses. Lines of business included finance, acquisition support, administrative services, policy analysis, training, investigative services and warfighter support.

	Worked with capture managers to analyze solicitations and identify viable opportunities.

	Selected past performances and developed and maintained Past Performance libraries

	Conducted team meetings to shape proposal content and determine response.

	Collaborated with corporate partners to guide proposal process

	Storyboarded proposal outlines.

	Participated in orals coaching and preparation.

	Developed slides for presentations.

	Wrote and edited responses to Federal solicitations.

	Established editorial guidelines.

	Managed editorial team.

	Developed marketing materials and capability statements for various business lines.



GARTNER, Stamford, CT								         2006 to 2012

Senior Writer

Provided award-winning analytical reports to a wide range of international, high level clients about developments in the information technology industry and affiliated markets. Focus areas included mobile and wireless, end user computing, computing markets, communications applications, data centers, servers, IT marketing and data storage as well as emerging markets.

Collaborated with analysts from a variety of cultures to develop positions about market trends and industry issues and events.

Wrote and edited technical and market reports, interviewing Subject Matter Experts and conveying analytical points to various customer groups.

Adapted complex technical information into readable copy for C-level executives, IT leadership, engineers, and end users.

Enabled enterprise clients to make decisions concerning major IT investments

Informed technology service providers about issues and trends in channels and markets.

Improved products by working with editors to discuss markets, industry news, publishing changes, editorial calendar, and progress of various research reports.

Supported changes to template and product types.

Drafted news briefs for company website, allowing unregistered users to gain insight into Gartner positions on news events affecting the IT industry.

Supported marketing efforts by developing promotional material for Events and Sales.



SELF EMPLOYED 										2000 to 2006 Freelance Writer and Editor, Conference Planner and Reporter

Demonstrated ability to work in a wide range of topic areas with a variety of public and private sector clients in the utility, energy, international development, and public relations domains. Clients included:



International development firm. Acted as proposal writer, editor, and coordinator for proposal efforts, forming responses in adherence to RFP guidelines, as outlined by USAID, World Bank and other aid organizations; wrote and edited management and technical solutions as well as CVs and Past Performances; assisted in running color team meetings, developing strategies and identifying win themes; edited a book of interviews with leading urban planners; worked with authors to ensure accurate translations.

Executive networking firm. Developed articles for online publications serving networking, high-level executives; wrote several chapters to a book on salary and compensation negotiation.

Energy industry publisher. Wrote articles for a newsletter that focused on emissions requirements and utility compliance.

Architectural and engineering firm. Developed company brochure and booklet; wrote press releases.

U.S. Government. Developed dual-language booklet (Chinese and English) about a USAID-funded waste treatment facility in Tai-Pei; worked closely with Chinese translators; developed artistic concept for the design as well as content.

Energy research firm. Drafted articles for several newsletters about emerging technologies that use electricity instead of fossil fuels; organized all aspects of national conference for a cooperative of electricity suppliers; assembled exhibitors and speakers and tended to conference details; drafted copy for the conference brochure and booklet.

Business-to-business publishing firm. Edited newsletters about crisis and issues management, community relations, organizational development, and behavioral PR. 



EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts, Communication, University of New Hampshire\n
ANAGHA DIWANJI

College Park, MD 20740    240-762-9930    anagha.diwanji@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION

Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD                                           Expected: Dec 2016

Master of Science in Information Systems							                             GPA: 3.7

Coursework: Data Models & Decisions, Data Networks & Infrastructure, Managing Digital Business &Markets, Data Mining & Predictive Analytics, Big Data (Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Apache Spark), Business Process Analysis, Project Management.



Cummins College of Engineering for Women, Pune, Maharashtra                                                                                   May 2015 

Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering 

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Area of expertise:          SQL, R, DBMS, ER Modelling, Predictive Models (Regression, Decision Trees), Data mining, Data Cleansing,

                                          MS Excel (Stat Tools, Precision Tree, Pivot tables), PHP, Data Visualization, Agile(scrum), HTML,CSS 

Productivity Tools:        MS Word, MS Access, MS PowerPoint	   

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Factgem, College park, Maryland                                                               	                                                                        Summer 2016

Data Analyst Intern

Built prototype of market basket analysis of retail data using R language and implemented the final deliverable for client using Cypher query language.

Created sample visualizations of customer demographics comparisons using Tableau.

Implemented fraud (outlier) detection algorithm using association rules in R for achieving retail loss prevention.

Conducted extensive research for new algorithms to be implemented and drafted relevant documentation.



Act to Rise for Innovation in Special Education (ARISE), Chandigarh, India 	                                                            Summer 2014

Technical Intern 

Spearheaded a team of three to construct and maintain database of website established to aid and assist 150 children with muscular dystrophy.

Programmed in PHP and SQL to develop and efficiently implement student dashboard section of website.



Persistent Systems Ltd., Pune, India    	                                                                                                                    Oct 2014- Mar2015 

Technical Intern

Implemented project aimed at creating water portal to analyze current water scenario in India and to provide interactive data visualization.

Data mining and Predictive Analytics: Programmed in R language to explore different areas of water like quality and infrastructure using descriptive data analytic techniques such as time series and make predictions using k-means algorithm.      

Won project based paper presentation competition held in Pune Institute of Computer Technology.

RELEVANT ACADEMIC PROJECTS

 ‘Graduate School Database management system’                                                                                                     Sept-Nov 2015

Implemented an intuitive management system using Salesforce.com to enable students and faculty for efficient management of all their demographic data, subjects and corresponding grade details.

Built an ER model and used SQL to perform queries like calculating grades of students.

‘Bike rental inventory Management System’		                                                                                                     Oct 2015

Forecasted profit/loss incurred by the bike rentals with the current policies and procedures followed using Risk tool in MS Excel.

 ‘Process improvement for Doctor’s Community Hospital’:  						    Mar-May 2016

Managed and improved the client’s ‘Lose it to Win it’ program using the scrum (agile) framework.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Currently participating in an online tutorial to learn self-service BI tools like Power Query and Power Pivot, as well as Power BI for enhancing queries and reports.

Created sample dashboard for superstore data using Tableau software during on-campus event conducted by Deloitte.

Facilitated organizing of technical/non-technical events for the betterment of IS community as the Vice President of Administration, Information Systems Association.\n
Mariem Yaha







Work Experience:

Internal Audit Intern, IT Audit Section 

								Dubai Ports World, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 	 	 	 			August 2016 

Performed and documented testing on 3 new systems to be implemented by the company 

Assisted in the testing of IT General Controls for in-house systems 

Attended and documented meetings with the IT department related to the in-house systems 



Business Intern 

									Dubai Trade, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 	 	 	 	 	 	                     July 2016 

Attended a one week training on the Certified Trade and Logistics Professionals and received a score of 100% on the exam 

Assisted the company’s business analyst in reviewing a Business Reference Model for a new invoice and payment system 

Reviewed process flowcharts for two new systems to be implemented 



Market and Business Analytics Intern 

										Natakallam 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	     March 2016 – August 2016 

Conducted research and analyzed company’s data to help them make better business decisions 

Analyzed company’s marketing tools and produced bi-weekly reports on the current trends  

  

VP of Marketing 

					Business and IT Society, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 	 	 	 	      	       January 2016 - Present 

Send out a weekly newsletter informing members about the club’s events and competitions 

Create flyers for the club’s events  

Promote the events around campus and in classes 

President 

	International Student Union, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 	August 2015 – August 2016 

Organized events and sessions that help international students as they transition to life in Maryland 

Completed budget applications and led fundraising events 



CERTIFICATIONS 

 

Certified Trade and Logistics Professional (score of 100%), Dubai Trade  	 	 	   	              July 2016 

Google Adwords Certification 	  	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	          March 2016            



Education:

	

Bachelor’s of Science, Information Systems and Operations Management - Business Analytics                         Anticipated May 2017 

Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 

	 Information Technology and Business Transformation Fellows 

Overall GPA: 3.2        Major GPA: 3.5 

 

 

				Intended Associate’s of Arts, International Business  	 	 	        	                            

				January 2013 – June 2014 

Montgomery College, Takoma Park, MD Overall GPA: 3.93 



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Mariem Yaha	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 1\n
Tamela Miller Gilkes

TGilkes@paradymemanagement.com

202.640.1276



Core Competencies:



Human Resource Management

Logistics





Work Experience:



Paradyme Management, Inc.							              October 2011 - Present

	PeopleSoft Senior Consultant

	Contractor for the Administrative Office of the United States Courts – HRMIS User Support Branch (HUSB)

	

	Key Work Experience:

Provide HR support of the Judiciary’s Human Resources Management Information System (HRMIS-PeopleSoft), the official personnel and payroll system for over 34,000 Judiciary users within the Administrative Office and Courts, including Judges.

Perform research and resolution requiring advanced diagnostic and troubleshooting for both systemic and HR processing-related issues. 

Perform Peer testing review and incident analysis for proposed resolution of data or system issues.

Assist with implementation of new human resources technology initiatives. 

Assist with maintaining and monitoring automated personnel records systems and human resource records involving HR, Payroll, and Time and Labor-related transactions. 

Assist in researching and interpreting human resources policies and procedures as they relate to current system processes. 

	Perform business analysis, system functional and user acceptance testing.

	Perform daily and weekly audits  to review and resolve data discrepancies, as needed.

Development of knowledgebase spreadsheets to document business processes and system functions for testing purposes. 

Create training user guides and standard operating procedures for training and documentation purposes and to ensure positive knowledge transfer for system users.

Generate reports and queries to retrieve data for reporting and analytical purposes.



DC Government – Office of the Chief Technology Officer			 October 2004 – October 2011

PeopleSoft Application Support Specialist – Security Administrator



Key Work Experience:

	Worked in a Tier 3 capacity to perform functional support as well as coordinate with other internal support teams to resolve complex and/or intricate system issues or problems. 

	Served as a Functional Analyst and subject matter expert for PeopleSoft HRMS.

	Served as a junior level Security Administrator responsible for daily security maintenance and operations for PeopleSoft HRMS. 

	Participated in system planning and strategy activities to ensure that business objectives are being addressed and implemented. 

	Performed business analysis, requirements gathering, and system functional, parallel and user acceptance testing.

	Identified significant factors regarding system issues in order to gather pertinent data for the recognition of solutions. 

	Assisted in writing, editing, and proofreading standard operating procedures, job aids, reference guides and other user instructional training documentation.

	Created and maintain security profiles and user accounts for system access.

	Assisted the Development, Technical Infrastructure and/or Functional Support teams with new project releases as well as problem resolution regarding application and database issues. 

	Generated and performed daily profile and system audits to maintain data and environmental integrity.

	Created security set-up for query, data/row permissions, and page level access for user system accessibility.



Beale Inc. LLC, Washington, DC				   	December 2003 – October 2004        

Project Coordinator 

Contractor for the Office of the Chief Technology Officer

	

	Key Work Experience:

	Scheduled training sessions, briefings and meetings for the HR and Budget Project Managers and ASMP team members. 

	Assisted with logistic requirements and equipment needs for new and current team members.

	Maintained Project Managers’ calendars and facilities schedules.

	Communicated to District agencies and implementation teams via written or verbal format on updates/changes to scheduled functions. 

	Maintained project plan for the implementation of a new training system TRS – Training Registration System.

	Worked with Budget and HR teams to gather system requirements for the Training Registration System.

	Assisted with the development of training manuals and trained end users on the Training Registration System.  

	Performed the duties of TRS Administrator for data and system maintenance. 

	Performed duties as Scorecard Administrator for the Hyperion Planning Budget System by maintaining system access, updating dashboards, and creating formulas for agency performance measurements. 

	Performed and completed miscellaneous projects, as assigned.





HMS/Value Options, Inc., Falls Church, VA				                February 2002 – October 2003

Peer Advisor Coordinator

	

	Key Work Experience:

	Scheduled mental health telephonic insurance reviews for medical necessity in compliance with established contract policies and procedures for pre-certifications, appeals, retrospectives and prospectives, charts and reconsiderations.

		Scheduled clinical reviews for multiple contractors and service center locations according to physician profession (i.e.: Addictions, Geriatrics, Neurophysiology, Child/Adolescent Psychology, General Psychology and Psychiatry)

		Created and verified case files for inpatient, outpatient, partial, residential levels using the HUMS, MHS, Carelink, and Carefirst computer systems.

		Assisted physicians, case managers and clinical staff with referrals for new and existing patients.



Comcast Cablevision, Washington, DC				                June 2001 – February 2002

Customer Account Executive

	

	Key Work Experience:

	Handled medium to large volume of incoming calls covering a variety of issues such as billing inquiries, products and features and general service information.      

	Disseminated information regarding changes in policies and procedures that will affect          customer's current service or billing.

	Performed strict follow-up techniques to assure internal and external customer satisfaction.

	Assisted customers in the resolution of equipment problems via troubleshooting techniques and educational procedures.

	

General Electric Company, Lighting Division, Richmond, VA			        April 1997 – June 2001

	Account Specialist  

	

	Key Work Experience:

	Primary contact for logistics and managerial functions for the ACE® Hardware account which consists in excess of 5500 members representing approximately $50 million in GE Lighting sales.

	Communicated pricing, product availability, promotions and distribution for customers and sale representatives.

	Managed, researched and resolved financial issues for claims and disputes and direct inquiries pertaining to order status, shipment, tracking and invoicing.

	Established and managed vendor and agency relations.

	

Education:



Bachelor of Science, Organizational Management

Nyack College, Washington, DC, 2008 

Skills:

																Languages/GUI 			 SQL	

				Industrial Databases		TOAD SQL Oracle, Oracle SQL Developer

Bug Reporting Tools	Rational/IBM ClearQuest, Remedy ARS

		Platforms				Windows 98/2000/XP

		ERP           		PeopleSoft HRMS 8.8, 9.0, 9.1 (USF), People Tools 8.52, PeopleSoft Security Administration

Version Control Tools			PVCS, RequisitePro, TestManager

Others	MS-Office, MS Share Point, IBM Lotus QuickR



Paradyme Management Inc.	            9111 Edmonston Rd Greenbelt, MD 20770	202-640-1276



Paradyme Management Inc.	            9111 Edmonston Rd Greenbelt, MD 20770	202-640-1276\n
MOHANA BANSAL
+1 (301) 624 3258 | mohanab@umd.edu | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/mohanabansal | College Park, MD 20740
EDUCATION
 University of Maryland, College Park, USA
Masters in Information Management, Specialization: Data Analytics
 Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya, Bhopal, India
Bachelors of Engineering in Computer Science Engineering

Expected May 2017
GPA: 3.95/4.0
Aug 2010- May 2014
(Honors Degree)GPA: 7.99/10

SKILLS
 Programming languages: R, Python, PHP, Android, JAVA, HTML, CSS, JSP, C/C++
 DBMS
: MySQL, SQL Server, SQLite
 Applications
: R Studio, Spyder, Tableau, Keshif, Jigsaw, NetBeans, Eclipse, Dreamweaver, Microsoft Office
WORK EXPERIENCE
System Analyst
Jun 2016- Aug 2016
Sapient Global Markets | Inter American Development Bank
Arlington, VA
 Analyzed the current operating system of Inter-American Development Bank and identified the pain points of the system
 Studied and developed an in-depth understanding of the two database systems they used to suggest improvements on them
 Made recommendations on merging of two database systems into one model in alignment of database normalizations standards
Sapient Global Markets | T’Rowe Price
Arlington, VA
 Studied and analyzed to provide insights on the data collected from the user survey carried across more than 15 companies
 Compared the trends and visualized the data using Tableau to give a clear understanding of the current situation of product usage
 Created visualizations to compare the ideal situation with the current situation using bar charts and trend lines
Android Developer
May 2013- Jul 2013
HCL Infosystems ltd
Indore, India
 Devised an entertainment app using MVC design pattern with animations and music player designed for android devices
 Successfully delivered the app along with a dataset at the backend for information storage and retrieval
PROJECTS
Analyzing Crime Rate in Bank Locations
Aug 2015- Dec 2015
 Gathered two government datasets with over 35,000 records to understand the different aspects of crime near banks
 Performed data manipulation (wrangling, filtering, cleaning, merging, sorting, deriving new variables) using MS-Excel
 Carried out mixed Factorial ANOVA to analyze the crime rate during different parts of the day in bank locations, using R
Analyzing User Reputation and Quality of Posts in StackExchange
Feb 2015- May 2015
 Performed data cleaning on 100,000 records of users and user posts to identify and derive predictor variable in R
 Implemented supervised machine learning methods like Regression, Support Vector Machine, Random Forest to form
predictive models; created test and trained dataset in R to test the models; achieved 84% accuracy
 Applied unsupervised learning methods like K-Means, Hierarchical and Density Based Clustering to identify classes of users
Visualizing the Success Rate of the UN’s Millennium Development Goals
Feb 2015- May 2015
 Created interactive visualizations like world map, bar graphs for in-depth comparison and analysis of all the eight goals.
 Visualized the growth and success rate of the goals using Tableau.
Development of Web Based Bio-Waste Medical System
Jun 2015- Aug 2015
 Developed a centralized Biomedical Waste Management System that can track the bio-waste from the point of generation to disposal
 Designed the modules in MySQL and PHP that could perform CRUD operations on hundreds of records
Observing Management Processes of Parkside at College Park
Feb 2015- May 2015
 Studied the current management process of Parkside to analyze functional shortcomings that hampers customer service
 Conducted interviews and made recommendation to improve the two pillars of management- planning and management
E-Forum
Jan 2013- May 2013
 Created an online Q&A forum for approx. 500 college students to provide them a platform to post any career doubts in JAVA
 Successfully designed and maintained database structure to perform CRUD operations of more than 20000 records in MySQL
Online Banking App
Jan 2014- May 2014
 Developed a mobile application intended to handle all the banking transactions in Android and SQLite
 Implemented the modules of the application using MVC design pattern to facilitate seamless user experience
RELEVANT COURSEWORK
Data Analytics for Information Professionals
Management of Information Programs and Services

Introduction to Data Science
Web Enabled Databases

Advanced Data Science
Visual Analytics

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITES
 Served as the president of the student council of approx. 2000 students. Successfully planned and conducted college events
 Lead the team for editing the College Magazine (MIT Chronicles) as chief- editor for an yearly and quarterly editions

\n
Raheed Khan

6945 Sandy Creek Court · Clarksville, MD 21029 · 443–878–2127

rkhan94@terpmail.umd.edu



	Profile	Recent chemical engineering postgraduate alumni with experience in technical proposal writing, clerical work, and research. Able to efficiently complete tasks and enjoy problem-solving. Interests lie in research, engineering, and business development consulting.  

	

	Area of Expertise

		Excellent problem-solving skills 					

		High attention to detail

		Strong collaborative skills

		Project Management

	

	Experience	      Food Recovery Network (Sep 2015 – Dec 2015)

	Nonprofit organization dedicated to giving excess campus diner food to homeless communities 

	Facilitated the creation of Food Recovery Networks on college campuses across the nation

	Developed computer science skills

	Improved HTML Website Design for Food Recovery Network Certified

	

			      Aurotech Corporation (Jun 2015 – Aug 2015)

		Undergraduate Information Technology Intern  in Silver Spring Headquarters

		Designed an Android mobile application for the FDA called “InforMED” which allows users to search any brand name drug and obtain information 

		Collaborated in a team and presented mobile application to a non-technical audience

		Wrote multiple White Papers on mobile application

	

			      Food and Drug Administration · CDRH (Dec 2014 – Jan 2015)

		Tested effectiveness of respirators and face masks to prevent transmission of airborne disease

		Analyzed nanoparticles in laboratory to ascertain if mask was appropriate fit


			      University of Maryland · Eichhorn Lab (Jul 2014 – May 2015)

		Undergraduate Assistant Researcher in University of Maryland Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry Lab

		Converted graphite into graphene in laboratory setting

		Wrote a technical report and presented my findings to a technical audience. 



	

	Education	University of Maryland, College Park				GPA: 3.03

		Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering                                        

		Coursework in Engineering Design, Statistics, Technical Writing and Oral Communications

		Brother of professional community service fraternity Alpha Phi Omega (Fall 14 – Spring 16)



Skills                      Computer

	Advanced in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel, Google Doc

	Proficient in HTML, CHEMCAD, MATLAB, MS Project, and Visio

	Language

	Proficient in Spanish Language and Literature\n
Shilpa Mandala
College Park, Maryland 20740 | (443) 447-5435 | shilpa.mandala@rhsmith.umd.edu | https://www.linkedin.com/in/shilpamandala

EDUCATION

____

Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Expected: Dec 2016
Master of Science in Information Systems
GPA: 3.6
Relevant coursework: Data Models, Decision Analytics, Google Analytics, Project Management, Business Process Analysis
GITAM University, Andhra Pradesh, India
Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology
Relevant coursework: Database Management Systems, Data Networks, Java, Javascript, Operating Systems

May - 2012
GPA: 3.5

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Group 10
Software Developer and Analytics Intern
•
•
•
•

Developed Agnes, an app that actively matches students to events, groups and people on campus based on shared
interests. (http://agnes.io/)
Designed a Mongo database and created APIs for back-end connectivity using MEAN stack architecture.
Created usability testing guide for our target audience to analyze user interaction and perception to enhance features.
Formed a business strategy to promote the app and leveraged mobile analytics to measure and optimize user engagement.

Tata Consultancy Services Ltd - Client: Cigna
Software Developer
•
•
•
•
•

Scrum Project Management - Madieu Williams Foundation

__
February 2016 – April 2016

Designed and developed a sports website for the client using PHP, HTML/CSS with an SQL database on IBM Bluemix tool.
As a scrum master, supported the scrum team to perform well, removed impediments and facilitated meetings.

Google Analytics and Adwords – Dept. of Student Affairs, University of Maryland
•
•

August 2013 – March 2015

Handled project and account level activities like audit reporting and monthly metrics ensuring 98% compliance to processes.
Reported weekly status for all 5 teams with over 23 associates to client and helped maintain and improve efficiency.
Leveraged Lean Maintenance to quantify team’s logged effort v/s tasks completed; increased productivity by 8% pa.

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
•
•

June 2012 – May 2015

Worked on Cognos Framework Manager by importing metadata from different sources and defined Dimension Hierarchy,
Star Schema Grouping and published packages in multi-user environment.
Developed data cubes using Cognos Cube Designer and supported Dynamic cubes to help create critical reports for Finance
IT and improve decision making.
Hands on experience in analyzing data and designing ER models to create medium sized relational databases.
Worked on SQL database updates to provide support for applications and automated processes to reduce effort by 20%.
Managed 12 vendor applications; implemented over 15 major upgrades on in-house servers to keep systems up to date.

Back up Project Lead
•
•
•

May 2016 - Present

February 2016 – April 2016

Studied the website’s user traffic stats and developed an online advertising strategy to improve the client’s web presence.
Made recommendations to improve web content and navigation while expanding target audience for higher conversion rate.

SKILLS AND CERTIFICATIONS
•
•
•
•

Software skills: MongoDB, NodeJS, ExpressJS, AngularJS, PL/SQL, PHP, HTML5, CSS, C++, Javascript, UNIX
BI & Analytical tools: IBM Cognos 9.2/10, R, MS Excel Addins - Stat tools, @Risk, Precision Trees, Solver
Concepts: Data Models & Optimization, Linear Programming, Regression Analysis, Agile methodology, Ionic framework.
Certifications: Google Adwords, Google Mobile Analytics

\n
Irina Skarbovsky

Lake Hiawatha, NJ 07034

Mobile:	(862) 571-0974

Email:	skarbovskyirinaHYPERLINK "mailto:skarbovskyirina@gmail.com"@HYPERLINK "mailto:skarbovskyirina@gmail.com"gmailHYPERLINK "mailto:skarbovskyirina@gmail.com".HYPERLINK "mailto:skarbovskyirina@gmail.com"com



SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER



SUMMARY:

		·	2+ years of hands on experience in Web-based and Mobile applications testing

·	Proficient in Manual and Automation testing

·	Experienced with Software development life cycle

·	Worked in Agile Scrum environments

·	Good grasp of Software Testing Methodologies

		·	Quickly able to understand business and product requirements

·	Keep track of new requirements with further changes of information in the test cases

·	Developing QA documentation: test plans, test suites, test cases, check lists, test matrices

·	Report found bugs, monitor them by using bug tracking system, help resolving the issues providing detailed description of an issue, attaching screenshots, log files

·	Monitor resolution status of bugs in bug tracking system

		·	Experienced in performing Regression, Acceptance, Exploratory, Ad-hoc, Functionality, GUI, Usability, Boundary, Browser Compatibility, Cross-browser, Verification, Performance, Load, Stress, Integration, System testing

		·	Team-player easy-to-work with, interact with all the dev. team on great levels of understanding

		·	Ability to handle multiple tasks under strict deadlines and delivery schedules

		·	Provide constructive feedback on test cases, scenarios and test results

		·	Languages: English, Russian, Hebrew, Ukrainian

		·	Green card holder



TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

Platforms:		Windows 10/8/7, Mac OS X

Mobile Platforms:	iOS, Android OS, Windows Phone

Networking:		TCP/IP, HTTP, FTP, Internet, Intranet, LAN/WAN

Virtualization:		VMWare, VirtualBox

Basic knowledge of SQL

Bug tracking Tools:	Bugzilla, Mantis, JIRA 

Browsers:		Chrome, Firefox, MSIE, Safari, Edge, Opera

Other:			Firebug, MS Office, aLogcat, Fiddler, Mobizen, Chrome developer tools



WORK EXPERIENCE:

06/14 – Present		Software QA Engineer, ValleyTek Solutions, San Jose, CA

Project: Social networking web/mobile application with almost 40 million members around the world. Helping activists and organizations create and promote petitions:

		·	Examine application requirements, structure, key features, areas, modules to make it of better quality

		·	Making sure that software is working as expected based on the requirements, specification, use cases

		·	Write, analyze and execute test cases

		·	Test both the web and mobile versions of the application

		·	Run Functional, Usability tests on various mobile devices: iOS, Android

		·	Perform Browser compatibility testing on Chrome, Firefox, MSIE, Edge, Safari

		·	Perform GUI testing in accordance with the guidelines

		·	Participate in daily Scrum meetings discussing the upcoming build, new/old features, plans, news

		·	Implement detailed analytics documentation with further reports during the team meetings  

		·	Perform Functional, Usability and Localization testing for various functionalities

		·	Report issues into a bug tracking system

		·	Structure selective Regression testing on areas where bugs are fixed



Project: Mobile and Web Music Application that allows people access to millions of songs, create their own endless playlists, listen and download music, stream live radio:

		·	Overview requirements of the project

		·	Installed and explored application on different mobile environments (Android, iOS)

		·	Participate in Functional, Localization, Performance, Usability testing along with other Testers

		·	Report software defects into a bug tracking system

		·	Review and reproduce existing bugs from bugs tracking system for verification

		·	Systemize and improve documentation of test results

		·	Perform Functionality testing on the application’s multiple categories

		·	Verify that the application’s different modes work as intended

		·	Master navigation and operation of the application

		·	Perform Regression testing after new release and/or update of the application



Project: Mobile music application for creating and editing video by adding music and effects with millions of users worldwide with option to share the created video on various Social Networking services:

		·	Analyze and learn requirements of the app

		·	Formulate, write and execute test cases for various features

		·	Perform Functional, Compatibility and Performance testing on several devices with various Operating Systems on Android 6.0.1, Android 5.1.1, iOS 10.2.1

		·	Execute Implementation testing by installation and uninstallation application to verify that the software running as expected

		·	Run Exploratory testing to discover, learn and better understand the app inner structure

		·	Perform Localization testing in Russian and Ukrainian languages

		·	Execute Regression testing on selected features to confirm nothing affected existing quality

		·	Report and monitor new bugs in a bug tracking system

		·	Participate in daily Scrum meetings, sharing statistic reports

		·	Conveying feedback information, defining severity on each bug report

		 

2009 - 2015 	Electronic Technician, Vision Sciences Inc., Orangeburg, NY

2000 - 2009	Project Manager, Electronic Manufacturing USR, Karmiel, Israel

1995 - 1999	Engineer, Architecture and Design Company, Kryvyi Rig, Ukraine



EDUCATION:

2005		Certificate IPC-A-610D, Acceptability of Electronic Assembly, Israel

1996		BS in Civil Engineering, Kryvorizkyi National University, Kryvyi Rig, Ukraine



REFERENCE AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST\n
Brittani Thomas

313-212-1904

thomasbrittani@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE

Seeking a position that will enable growth and learning opportunities in a creative, fast paced, forward thinking organization.



SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Experience in exercising critical thought while conducting research to locate and retrieve valuable information

Practice using penetration tools to find vulnerabilities that could be exploited on a computer system

Strong interpersonal skills necessary to work independently and in diverse teams

Excellent work ethic and demonstrated skill in maintaining flexibility in a variety of challenging environments

Ability to effectively communicate, both in written and verbal form   



EDUCATION 

Bowie State University, Bowie, MD 2011- Present

Bachelor of Science Degree Expected Graduation Date: 2017

Major: Computer Technology/ Concentration: Network Security 

Minor: Spanish 

Cumulative GPA: 3.0

	 

RELEVANT COURSEWORK

Client Operating Systems

Computer Architectures

Computer Networking 

Computer Science I, II (C++)

Computer Tools & Environment 				

																Cryptography 

																Data Structures & Algorithms 

																Database Administration

																Database Architecture

Database Development

																Discrete Structures

Foundations of Computer and Network Security 

Honors Pre-Calculus

Principles and Methods of Intrusion Detection and Prevention

Server Administration

Statistics 

																TCP/IP Network Protocols

Unix Administration 



COMPUTER SKILLS 

Operating Systems: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, MAC OS X 

Software: SQL Programming Language, C++ Programming Language using Visual Studio, Adobe Photoshop CS6 

Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access





EXPERIENCE 

The Maryland Center, Bowie State University 

Youth Career Connect Summer Capstone Mentor, June 2016 – July 2016 

Participated in the Design Thinking Methodology training

Served as capstone project team leader and mentor to capstone students

Prepared and conducted presentations

Served as a liaise between the Project Coordinators and capstone students



Thurgood Marshall Library, Bowie State University

Department of Information Technology Assistant, March 2016 – May 2016 

Assisted patrons with technical problems and questions

Maintained the computer terminals

Assisted patrons at the circulation desk



English and Modern Language, Bowie State University

Spanish Student Assistant, June 2015 – December 2015 

Assisted professor in preparation for class lectures

Created detailed presentations of lessons to be reviewed in class

Graded student’s tests, quizzes and activities

Provided support to students in professor’s absence

 

Office Depot - Bowie, MD 

Cashier, April 2015 – August 2015  

Answered customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies.

Completed sales transactions and monitor checkout stations to ensure that they have adequate cash available and that they are staffed appropriately



Walmart - Novi, MI 

Sales Associate, June 2014 –August 2014

Provided friendly customer service, completed sale transactions, as well as handled stock work



United States Attorney Office - Washington, DC

Superior Court Division – Homicide Section Intern June- August 2013 

Assisted attorneys in trial preparation and court proceedings

Assisted in the interviewing of police officers and witnesses

Conducted extensive research on existing legal opinions 

Performed clerical duties, such as answering the phones, filing documents and delivering motion statements for attorneys and paralegals 



ACTIVITES AND VOULUNTEER 

Leadership Skills

Vice President, Zeta Delta Chapter, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated 

Student Advisor, The National Council of Negro Women - Bowie State Section

Youth Leader, The Young People Improvement League 

Secretary, Women in Computing - Bowie State Section







Community Involvement 

Assisted a faith-based organization with preparation, packaging, and serving meals to members and visitors as well as with clean-up during and after events

Assisted at a homeless shelter with packaging and distributing meals 

Desktop publishing 

Designed programs, announcements, cards and invitations for different occasions

Met with clients periodically to ensure designs met their specifications; increased clientele for services



REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST\n
Jennifer Doan

20406 Mill Pond Terrace Germantown, Maryland 20876 301-704-6911 doanjp@gmail.com 

Citizenship: United States 

OBJECTIVE













Position as a Technical Analyst Intern with a strong business foundation and former intern experience in an information technology department with skills in customer service, databases management, and technical solutions.  















EDUCATION













Bachelor of Science, Geographical Information Systems 			                               Anticipated May 2017 

General Business Minor								         Major GPA: 3.5, Overall GPA: 3.25

University of Maryland, College Park 





RELATED COURSEWORK

Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Programming in Python, Computer Programming for GIS, Introduction to C++, Quantitative Methods, Information Systems, Accounting 1 & 2, Finance, Marketing, Management, and Technical Writing



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Discovery Communications 							           Silver Spring, Maryland

IT Intern 										      (February 2016-August 2016) 

Develop technical solutions for daily business activities

Train and support users to conduct video conference meetings

Utilize databases to locate and track company assets

Assist engineers with audio and visual outputs



University of Maryland, Terrapin Tech 					                       College Park, Maryland 

Technician and Service Desk 								   	   (August 2015- Present)

Troubleshoot hardware and software issues across varied operating systems 

Research and problem solve, individually and as a team, computer and technology topics

Use hands on knowledge to provide viable solutions based on a self-generated ticketing system

Diagnose costumers’ issues using customer service skills



D2 Engineering 					              	                       Montgomery Village, Maryland 

Computer Entry and Engineer’s Assistant 						     (February 2014- January 2016)

Support network, software, operating system, and database applications

Input data into the computer and supply IT support

Develop clarifications for technical business operations





LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE

Maryland Leadership Conference, University of Maryland    					                         Fall 2015 

Engage in discussion, workshops, and dialogue on topics of leadership 



Sigma Psi Zeta Sorority Inc., University of Maryland 					                         Fall 2014-Present

       Sister and Executive Broad Member  

Represent the chapter at council meetings, convention, and regional rally

Relay information and organize events for Alumni and undergraduate sisters as the Alumni Liaison

Responsible for new member recruitment with 30% increase 

SKILLS

Expertise with: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Access, ArcGIS, Social Media (Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, Pinterest, Google+, Instagram)

Proficiency with:  Windows, Macintosh, UNIX, Java, C++, HTML/CSS, R, Python, MATLAB, AutoCAD

HONORS

Member of Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society, Dean’s List Fall 2013, Spring 2014, Spring 2016\n
Yiding Xiong
	
9530 Baltimore Avenue, College Park, MD 20740 ç513-593-6849 ç yiding.xiong@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, Maryland
Master of Science in Information System
Miami University, Oxford, OH
Bachelor of Science, Major: Supply Chain and Operations Management
• Received Latin Honor for outstanding academic performance

December 2017
GPA: 3.52
2015
GPA: 3.68

Technical Skills:
Languages: HTML, Python, SQL, SAS, SAP, R.
Tools: JMP, Minitab, Tableau.
Certifications: Google AdWords Search Certification, Google Analytics Certification
EXPERIENCE
Decision, Operations & Information Technologies Department, College Park, MD
January 2017-Present
Teacher Assistant
• Explore skillful acknowledge in data models and decisions by supervising and mentoring 39 MBA students online.
• Generate creative thoughts by answering questions on discussion boards and posting links related to information system.
• Attain competent research background by cooperating with Professor and creating presentation slides for students.
MBA/MS Admissions Office, College Park, MD
September 2016-Present
MS Admissions Ambassador
• Represent the diversity of Smith graduate community at recruiting events and activities by posting blogs and serving as liaisons
between prospective students, admitted students and Smith staff members.
• Assign customized ways and project management skills to attract students by designing the legacy of Smith and shaping the Class
of 2017 and future classes.
• Involve in the entire admissions cycle and high profile events by clarifying and contacting prospective MS students.
Howe Center for Writing Excellence, Oxford, OH
September 2014-December 2015
Writing Consultant
• Instructed diverse client base by conveying knowledge of English and rhetoric to writers of varying aptitude levels.
• Enhanced social skills by organizing and joining outreach programs and research projects.
• Developed professional writing statements by attending weekly workshops and conferences.
Sichuan Fanhua Construction Group Company, Mianyang, China
June 2015-August 2015
Supply Chain Analyst
• Expedited management department proceeding by identifying opportunities and implementing initiatives to improve placement
and fulfillment to customers.
• Integrated cooperative abilities by partnering with operation, transportation, and finance teams to support new business initiatives.
• Served as team leader for 15 people by delegating questions to service advisors and constructing performance management.
• Negotiated and explored customers by conducting local market research and preparing presentations.
Mianyang Chenxi Clothing Company, Mianyang, China
May 2014-August 2014
Data Analyst
• Completed basic training by individual and small group tutoring in a wide range of statistic software including SAS and JMP.
• Practiced professional abilities by analyzing retail store’s sourcing process and gathering competitors’ information.
• Built organizational capacity and leadership by holding weekly meeting and reporting updated analysis.
ADDITIONAL
C-Hope International Volunteer Organization, Miami University
January 2014-May 2016
President
• Accomplished volunteer program by teaching and helping 900 rural students for one month in Zunyi, China.
• Obtained leadership by planning 60 people skating programs and fall-break trip for Miami students.
Phi Sigma Pi (National Fraternity)
Member
• Arranged 8 community services and charity events with Oxford community and local organic farm.
• Planned fundraising activities and took part in animal adoption walking by engaging in service event.

August 2014-May 2016

\n
Shilpa Venepally

QA Analyst

301-366-6035

Shilpa8724@gmail.com



SUMMARY

Over 3 years of experience in Software Testing, Quality Assurance and Quality Control.

Experience includes testing Client/Server Applications and Web based Applications.

Hands-on knowledge and use of QA / testing methodologies and practices 

Experience of writing SQL Queries in Oracle and SQL-Server database systems for backend/database testing.

Expertise into Manual and in Automated Testing tools like – UFT, Selenium Web Driver and ALM

Actively Involved in developing various automation frameworks

Proficiency in customization & implementation of ETL processes and Web applications 

Excellent Knowledge of Automated Testing tools and Methodology.

Experience in Bug Reporting tools like HP Quality Center (QC)(V9.5,10.0), ALM(v11.0), JIRA 

Expertise in writing test plans and test cases based on functional requirements.

Strong Aptitude towards learning new Technologies and Ideas.

Highly Motivated, Self-starter and Problem solving abilities.



EDUCATION

Masters In Information Technology                                                                        April 2014                                  Stratford University, Virginia                                                                                    GPA   3.8 



SKILL SET

Testing Tools		: Quick Test Professional / UFT 12.1, Selenium Web Driver

Test Management Tools	: HP Quality Center / ALM, JIRA, ClearQuest

Operating Systems		: Windows, Unix

Databases			: Oracle, MS-SQL and MS-Access

Scripting Languages	: VB Scripting and Shell Scripts (UNIX)                                           

Programming Languages	: Java, SQL, PL/SQL

Web/Application Servers	: Tomcat, WebLogic, Websphere

Others			: ASP, HTML, XML, DHTML





PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Travel Channel, Washington DC		                                         Aug 14 – Nov 2015

QA Analyst



Analyzed application requirements and maintained Requirements Traceability Matrix.

Involved in implementation of Test cases, Test Scripts, Test plans and Test data as per requirements.

Involved in Functionality testing, Usability testing, Navigation testing, Compatibility testing, Regression testing and enhancing of the Amtrak Web application

Extensively used SQL queries to validate the data.

Data Verification and analysis of the application for the Change in new release. 

Extensively involved in database upgrade validations.

Created Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) to ensure 100% test coverage

Performed Black Box testing which includes System Integration (SIT), User Acceptance (UAT), Regression, Functional, Positive and Negative Testing.

Involved in automation test execution for the regression testing using QTP.

Worked in local and shared Object Repositories. 

Used Descriptive Programming to handle dynamic Objects using VBScript.

Implemented Regular Expressions in the script to handle dynamic windows/ objects.

Created functions and procedures in VBS files for reusability.

Executed Test scripts using Test data as per Requirements.

Attended reviews, walkthroughs to understand requirement documents.

Developed and executed automation scripts for Regression Testing.

Initiated Defect Tracking and Management Metrics.

Utilized test management tool, HP ALM Quality Center v11.0, to create and execute test cases and to document, track, recreate and retest bugs/defects.

Recognized for excellent problem-solving, analytical and testing skills by programmers and supervisors

Worked with the Business team to identify the scenarios for Automation and helped them to provide a baseline for Automation strategy.



Environment: Java, J2EE, Java Script, HTML, XML, SQL, UNIX, Oracle 10i, Quality Center 9.2/10.0, ALM, QTP 10.0 / UFT 11.5, Vignette 7.4/7.6, Firebug, Windows XP.





Genisys Software             							Feb 09 – Aug 10

QA Analyst



Worked with Business Analysts in Requirements gathering.

Involved in identifying Regression Test cases develop a strategy to Automation.

Involved in development of Test Plan based on Functional Requirement Specifications and Use Cases in Quality Center.

Wrote Test Scenarios as per Functional Specifications and developed test strategy and test execution plan.

Reviewed Business Requirements Documents and Technical Specifications. 

Performed Functional, Integration, Regression, GUI, Security, positive and negative Testing. Designed test cases according to business requirement and conducted Black Box Testing.

Strong knowledge in QTP Object repository creation and maintenance, regular expression, re-usable actions, data table, checkpoints and recovery scenarios.

Involved in creating automation regression scripts.

Expertise in VB Scripting and independently written reusable functions

Responsible for running regression test suite for weekly release.

Created Test Plan for testing effort and developed test cases from functional requirements and technical specification and use cases.

Conducted Smoke, Non Functional, Functional and System testing. Actively involved in defect log maintenance using Clear Quest.

Expertise in descriptive programming in QTP using VBScript.

Wrote external library functions using VB Scripting to create common methods for Objects and incorporated changes in Test Scenarios based on Change Requests

Involved as part of Automation team using QTP, developed test scripts.

Executed automated test scripts during Regression testing.



Environment: Mercury Quality Center 10.0, Mercury Quick Test Professional 10.0, MS Office 2007, SQL Server 2005, TOAD, Unix, Windows XP. 



Quest                  			                                                         Aug 08 - Jan 09                 

QA Engineer                                       



Developed Test Cases, Use Cases and Automation test scripts including Test Execution and Report generation.

Involved in Functional Black Box Testing, End-to-End testing, and Application Control 
Testing.

Based on the Business Requirements write test cases and upload into the HP Quality 
Center area. 

Testing involves verifying data flow from the front end screen (UI) to the backend 
( Operational Data Storage) 

 Verify and compare XML data from the Message Queue to the ODS tables. 

Written SQL queries based on the business requirements for the data testing and report testing, using TOAD Tool. 

Analyzed Test Results and Interacted directly with developers/programmers to test program code during development

Managed Object Repositories of all Automated Testers in QTP.

Extensively worked with QTP to develop automated test scripts.

Involved in detailed planning of Regression test scripts development.

Used Quality Center for Test Case Management and Execution.



Environment: QTP, JAVA, CSS, JavaScript, SQL Server, XML, Windows, IIS, Test Director, WCF Test Client and UNIX.\n
DANIEL MOSCATIELLO
140 Euston Road ♦ Garden City, NY 11530
516-754-2361 ♦ dmoscatiello414@gmail.com

EDUCATION
University of Maryland
Expected: May 2017
Robert H. Smith School of Business
Bachelor of Science, Finance
American University of Rome
January 2016-May 2016
• Study abroad program for spring 2016 semester in Rome, Italy
Australia Global Immersion Experience
January 2015
• Two week study abroad program in Australia where we visited several major companies to learn how Australia
conducts business and how the country contributes to the domestic and international economies
EY Global Mindset Colloquium and Consulting Project
September 2014-December 2014
Enroll in a weekly seminar class led by EY professionals in different areas of international business
Partner with 3 other classmates on an example case study project involving the expansion of a Software as a
Service (SaaS) company into Europe by choosing the country with the best business climate for the industry
Chaminade High School
Graduated: June 2013
High School Diploma
•
•

WORK EXPERIENCE
Coty Inc.
New York, NY
Finance Intern
June 2016-August 2016
• Assist with month end and year end account reconciliations, royalty audits, journal entry support, and other audit
projects using SAP
• Execute Excel tools VLOOKUP and PivotTables to create detailed and accurate journal entry accuracy scorecard
and forecasted and actual vendor payment reports
• Create and post journal entry templates in Hyperion to record various transactions
• Roll forward Net Working Capital statement and related formulas into the current fiscal year
Mortgage Bankers Association
Washington, DC
Communications Intern
September 2015-December 2015
• Team up with the Public Affairs department’s external relations efforts in representing a large trade association
• Write speeches and scripts for different speakers and occasions, including for the Association’s annual conference
• Assist in other initiatives in a flexible matter that represent the industry and learn about mortgage trends
Swiss Post Solutions
New York, NY
Marketing Intern
May 2014-August 2015
•
Created an extensive competitive analysis of key competitors which included a detailed SWOT analysis, and
present it to the Sales team at the end of the internship
•
Drafted and analyzed a survey concerning the impact of e-commerce on company mailrooms
•
Visited SPS clients to better understand the services provided and experience on-site client operations

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES & LEADERSHIP
TerpAMA (American Marketing Association)
Club Member

College Park, MD
September 2014-Present

Attend weekly presentations and networking events with various companies to learn marketing skills
Participate in a mentorship program that connects rookie and veteran members for professional development
opportunities throughout the year
Terp Thon
College Park, MD
Catering Partnership Outreach Captain
September 2013-Present
•
•

•
•

Currently a member of the catering committee which secures sponsorships and donations from food vendors for
various events throughout the year
Initiate emails, phone calls, and in-person meetings with managers of local businesses to secure sponsorships for a
Dance Marathon that raised over $728,000 in 2016

SKILLS & TRAINING

Training: Bloomberg Terminal Essentials Certification: Equities, Commodities, FX, Fixed Income
Programs: Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Hoovers, Oracle CRM, Eloqua, Qvidian, Survey Monkey
Interests: International Travel (Europe, Australia), National Hockey League, College Basketball, Exploring Cities

\n
KAREN CAPEK

847-529-1795

 kcapekITPro@gmail.com

SUMMARY

	Project Manager and Quality Analyst in data analytics and interactive reporting, always working with a continuous improvement mindset.

	Highly adaptable to a variety of system and technical environments by applying analytical skills to each unique situation. 

	Fluent in translating business requirements into system requirements, creating working prototypes, before spending dollars on development effort, reducing risk and improving quality of final solution. 

	Adept in writing business requirements, listening to stakeholders, defining end user profiles, testing to validate functional & data requirements and user security.

	15 years writing project scope, business requirements, business process flow diagrams, data requirements, data definitions, source to target mapping, mockups and visuals to simplify concepts.

	15 years expertise writing complex SQL queries, analyzing data quality, creating data warehouses and BI Reports producing on line reporting systems that are stable and reliable.

	15 years’ experience in project management methods, inception, managing scope, business requirements, work breakdown, tasks, time estimates, dependencies, daily standup meetings, issue tracking, reporting project status, budget, risk, schedule, knowledge of SDLC, Waterfall and Agile.

	15 years organizing testing teams, creating test strategy, test plans, test data, performing functional testing and UAT, delivering defect free deployments to meet business requirements.

	10 years using/design of SharePoint for issue & project tracking, as well as MS Project, HPQC, & TFS.

	20 years crafting written communication, client help documentation and training guides.

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Science Corporate/Organizational Communications, Northern Illinois University

Advanced Professional Training:  

The Data Warehouse Institute(TDWI) Data Quality

Kimball University Data Modeling, Star Schema Database Design

IBM Cognos BI Suite, Framework Models, Transformer Cubes, Cognos Connection

Camp IT Program & Project Management

Lodestar Inc., Business Analyst Training 

Advanced Computer Training (ACT), PMP Prep, HP Quality Center & SharePoint

EMPLOYMENT HIGHLIGHTS 

	Illinois Mutual Insurance (Lead Quality Analyst) Oct 2016 to May 26,2017 (Contractor)

	Lead Quality Analyst for 3 system modernization 8 month projects:  billing automation, claims automation, & insurance agent reports. Created QA scope document, test strategy, test methodology, test plans, test data, executed testing in QA, report defects/issues, led QA effort and coached 6 QA’s from start to finish. 

	Provided leadership and guidance in QA best practices, data analysis, QA methods, templates, test planning and execution, to bring quality up a notch. The billing automation was deployed to production 100% error free!

	Modernization projects were recognized by upper management as a great success in quality and for reducing labor hours by 85%.  Billing project went live 100% defect free. Claims Automation & Agent Reporting to go live end of May.  

	Led team of six QA’s in learning testing methodology and test execution thru to completion. Allocated work assignments, verify each team member was comfortable/ prepared with assigned work. Reported hundreds of software defects and user experience improvements in QA. 

	Hand off test plan and test data to UAT lead to jump start the UAT process.  Testing of the 3 projects included technology such as “.Net” development, K2 work flow, ESB middle wear, Inspire document creation, SSIS packages and SQL scripting data quality.

	ABBVIE (IT Infrastructure Project PMO Coordinator) Mar 2015 to Oct 2015 (Contractor)

	AbbVie split from Abbott to become fully separate entity.  Eight-month assignment as IT Infrastructure Program Lead. Project Manage weekly project review meetings with infrastructure directors and leads.  

	Create weekly executive summary reports to review, monitor and coordinate project milestones for each work stream. (Active Directory, Site Separation, Email Separation, Global Network Separation, Security, SAP Systems and Server Separation. 3000 project milestones and 130 global locations needed to be separated.

	Facilitate issues review meetings to provide leadership visibility of high impact issues, document action steps, monitor issue resolution to assure quality. Produce weekly reports for each workstream, summarize project activity from tech leads for management to monitor due dates, past due & upcoming activity, project issues and risks. Create presentations for director and executive level. 

	Project Manage work stream dependencies, assess impact of related work (predecessor tasks and dependent tasks), and assure quality is coordinated between teams.  Facilitate daily, weekly and biweekly meetings.

	Perform business analysis of vendor work flow. Create business and technical requirements for Vendor Service Level Metrics – Create specs and prototypes for QlikView Business Intelligence Tool dashboard drill thru reports for leadership to measure volume & duration of vendor’s work on server builds thru each phase of the workflow from request to delivery.

	Manage the design of data flow from Vendor extract with  multiple source systems, managed data quality of the extract, working with vendor to create consistent clean data. Provide detailed SQL tech spec to QlikView developer. Led testing to assure design and function and data met business & technical requirements.

	AON HEWITT (Test Engineer/Quality Analyst) Oct 2014 to Dec 2014 (Contractor)

	AON Hewitt Corporate Operations.  Design and execute System and UAT Test management for TM1 Cubes for system conversion from People Soft to Workday for AON Hewitt. Create test methods to check accuracy of financial Cognos Perspectives TM1 cubes. 

	Compare converted data to expected results. Verify accuracy of all years of historical data for the dimensions and measures in IBM Cognos TM1 Cubes. 

	Together with business and technical leads, plan the testing effort, create test plans, test methods, user stories, test matrix, and execute test using TM1, MS Access & Excel. Log issues, regression test, document-test artifacts in SharePoint. System went live Jan 2015.   

	HOSPIRA (PMO Project Coordinator) Jul 2014 to Nov 2014 (Contractor)

	Hospira Enterprise PMO team.  Coordinated activates of multiple sub-teams working on a SAP manufacturing software development project (SAP new implementation project). Coordinated progress relative to baseline, managing schedule and executive reporting, along with head PM on the Vizag India SAP project to implement SAP at new pharmaceutical manufacturing plant in Vizag India. Utilize MS Project, Excel, PowerPoint to track progress and create reports for each functional team. 

	The project involved 1500 tasks, multiple project managers and high coordination between technical and business functional areas. Work closely with lead Project Managers, Relationship Managers, and Functional Leads to create and maintain project schedules and ad-hoc requests. Produce daily & weekly project status reports, summarize key points, action items, and issue summary reports.  Organize go-live & on-call support.

DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES (UAT Test Manager) Sep 2013 to Feb 2014 (Contractor)

	Test Manager for a large-scale conversion from legacy General Ledger system to new accounting HUB (Microgen custom software.). Oversee work of vendor and internal subject matter experts. Monitored task list in MS Project, time lines, schedules, open items list, communication plan, report progress to executive management. 

	Oversee all testing activities for User Acceptance Test (UAT), Data Conversion, Disaster Recovery, Performance Testing along with lead PM, using HP Quality Center Test Case and Defect Tracking.

	Document process flow, task lists, time line, open items. Follow up / team task management from initiation through code delivery, defect resolution, and user acceptance.

	Meet daily with team leads to monitor progress, discuss open items, identify risks, escalate issues and defects. Create and monitor task list, timelines, schedules MS Project. Document open items and project risks. Monitor resources, test plan creation by functional SME, test schedule, batch schedule, defect tracking and resolution in HP Quality Center. 

	Create testing statistics reports for leadership team. Facilitate a coordinated effort, working together with vendor, business stakeholders, testers, developers, and QA teams. Hold daily cross-functional team meetings address specific topics with business, tech leads and vendor development team. 

	Perform PM/BA work to fill resource gap, elicit business/technical requirements for Foreign Exchange Rate transmission process, document batch process to receive file from Bloomberg to General Ledger system. Facilitate meetings with cross-functional teams to complete deliverable on schedule. 

ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER, Corp Division (Project Manager & Business Analyst) Jul 2009 - Dec 2012

Manage technical process for on boarding web/email domains for newly acquired businesses. For domain acquisition, document and improve quality of workflow/hand-offs between multiple divisions, departments, functional areas, and external vendors. Improve requirements gathering with a standard format improving efficiency and accuracy.

Manage Enterprise PMO, Perform quality reviews of high dollar IT Projects for resource, schedule and budget. Improve process by creating project-tracking templates for Project Managers to document status at a glance meeting CIO’s requirement. Train off shore team in PMO responsibilities and procedures. 

Create monthly IT metrics reports for global CIO. Published 90-page monthly report for 18 IT teams.  (Network, Service Desk, Domains, M&A’s, IT Standards Adherence by Branch, Offshore Team’s metrics, IT Risk Assessment, IT Security, Active Directory, Desktop Implementations, Active Directory, Identity Management, Critical Applications, Sox Assessments and Internal Audits, Data Resources Metrics). 

Used MS Excel & MS Word & SharePoint to organize and document project artifacts and work flow to coordinate 18 different IT departmental report authors. Publish monthly IT operational metrics and project metrics, both quantitative measures and qualitative measure, color coding, high level of detail, at a glance IT “Dashboards”, Metrics summary, detail & graphs. 

Managed off shore metrics team to keep monthly cadence and never miss a deliverable and meet Global CIO’s expectations. Train and delegate metrics report creation to offshore team, monitor and control process, working together to make improvements based on lessons learned.

Performed IT Project work/Business Analysis to understand and resolve chronic pain points. Trouble shoot operational issues for Finance Dept. Concur expense management software. Document Concur expense system ‘current state’ of support work flow, interview stakeholders from multiple functional areas of IT and Business, and create new staffing model, quality control procedures, assure accountability for ongoing system support. 

ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER, Gallagher Bassett Division (Business Analyst/Quality Analyst) Oct 2006 - Jul 2009 

Direct Hire, 7 years, 2 roles. 

IBM Cognos Business Intelligence QA Lead (3 yrs.) Create Cognos quality test methods and procedures as Sr. Quality Analyst Cognos development team for TPA (third party administrator) insurance claims.

	Document QA methods and train on shore and off shore staff. Perform testing (Cognos Report Studio Reports) for claims summary with drill through to detail, frequency and severity, triangle, claim scorecards, claim dashboard, code benchmark, managed care, worker’s compensation, book of business reports. Manage test team and perform all aspects of report and system quality for new reports and Cognos upgrades. Manage issue list; coordinate w/developers for resolution. Code complex SQL scripts to verify the accuracy of prompted, variable driven Cognos Report Studio reports. 

	Developed and Tested Cognos Report Studio prompted reports producing thousands of combinations of results, based on user input. Use multiple validation techniques to quality check report result matched manual result in Excel. Assure accuracy of data, security, user functionality, and adherence to requirements. 

	Test all Cognos features: prompts, drill through to source system, user security, navigation, integration, scheduling. Assure all features work at optimum performance levels for end users who access reports via the web. Suggest system enhancements and eliminate unnecessary steps to improve efficiency. . 

	Promote standardized formats and methods to provide consistent and predictable level of quality. Gain agreement from business community for changes that made technical development easier, but would alter user’s steps. Show proof of cost benefit of change to gain acceptance. 

	Respond client portal website feedback to address end user’s questions. Collect responses to compile as reference guide, and published as FAQ and help documentation on web. 

	Cognos Reports were highlighted in company newsletters, sales and marketing materials bringing greater value to over 2,000 Gallagher clients McDonalds’s, Bankers Life, Whole Foods *2000 clients.

ACCENTURE (Business Systems Analyst) Jan 2005 - Oct 2006 (Contractor)

Assigned to Accenture HR. Services client. Improved IBM Cognos Impromptu Payroll Reports for Finance Department using Cognos Impromptu, Excel, MS Access and SQL. 

As business analyst, elicit, discover and document business and system requirements for desired report consolidation effort. Present summary of business requirements to gain approval from business management. 

As systems analyst, Create/ Code process improvements. Consolidated data extracts, streamlined report creation using Cognos, SQL, MS Excel, and MS Access. As business analyst, Train remote teams using PowerPoint and Webinars. Cut labor hours by 75% reducing operating costs.



HEWITT (Business Systems Analyst) Jan 2000 - Apr 2004 (Direct Hire, 7 years)

Full time hire for seven years 1997-2004. Promoted to DW team in 2000. Gather business requirements and translate into design. Code SQL to Perform ETL testing for large-scale startup of the Hewitt Plan Sponsor Web Site newly developed data warehouse and data mart star schema design. Continuously develop expertise through daily use of SQL and Cognos Tools, data models, cubes and reports for the business:  Work Force Analysis, Health Management, 401K Analysis, Pension, and Investment data. 

Perform business analysis and report design, prototype, and coding using Cognos Software, SQL, Impromptu, Transformer, Power Play Enterprise Server, Upfront, and Access Manager. Setup Cognos Cubes and Web Reports for 200 external corporate clients, such as US Federal Reserve, JC Penney, Starbucks, Compaq, Allstate, JP Morgan etc. Configure custom views for each client based on user security. Roll out to 200 clients.

As business analyst, interface w/ internal business sponsors to gather requirements for executive reports using employee benefits data. Performed requirements gathering, data mapping, cube design, report development. Example, developed daily snapshot of Annual Enrollment and Health Plan Migration Cognos Cubes & Reports for 250 clients. Replace manual Excel reports with automated web reports, resulting in significant cost savings

As systems analyst, troubleshoot issues with Cognos tool interfacing with vendor. Develop work around or alternate solutions for rapid issue resolution. Enable customized analysis for benefit plan administrators and executives at their fingertips with Cognos Web Reports, eliminating programmer intervention. Use an iterative development approach to prioritize and deliver highest impact reports and cubes, rollout in phases based on stakeholder needs. Produce cross-client analysis reports on 401K trends published in US News and World Reports magazine. 

Redesign & stream line client Cognos Report on boarding workflow processes from manual GUI steps to a setup script by coding MDL language.

Prior to Data Warehouse role at Hewitt, 3 years supporting legacy Pension Administration System. Prior to Hewitt, early career, held programmer analyst roles in direct marketing industry.

Page 1 of 5\n
TANVI SHAH

              8125, 48th Ave, Apt #221, College Park, MD;   224-805-9275;   tanvi.shah@rhsmith.umd.edu;   https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanvishah2015

EDUCATION

	Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD  		                                                          December 2016

Master of Science, Focus Area: Information Systems         GPA: 3.45

Business Process Analysis for Information Systems, Project Management, Management Information Systems, Database Management Systems, Managing Digital Business Markets, Strategic and Transformational IT, Big Data, Data Models and Decision Making, Decision Analytics, Data Mining and Predictive Analysis.

Vice President of Career Development : ASCEND – NAAMBA (University of Maryland Chapter)

Student Ambassador : Smith Master Student Association (SMSA)



K.J. Somaiya College of Engineering (KJSCE), Mumbai University, Mumbai, India       		                                                                2009-2013

Bachelor of Engineering, Major: Computer Science

Treasurer : Students’ Council, KJSCE



SOFTWARE SKILLS

Language skills: Microsoft SQL, R, C++, Java. Word PowerPoint

Database and Tools: Excel, Big Data, Visio, MS Project, Tableau, TIBCO BusinessWorks, CA Clarity Project Portfolio Management, SharePoint, TIBCO Jaspersoft.

Interests: Data Mining, Requirement Analysis, Project Management, Google Analytics, Business Analysis, Agile Methodology, Data modelling, Consultant, Strategy development, Data Visualization.



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Avis Budget Group, Parsippany, New Jersey, USA                                                                                                                                                              2016

IT Project Management Intern

Learned and contributed to CA Project /Portfolio Management tool Resource Management Implementation, Project Management Training, and Reporting. Worked on the technical and functional aspects of CA Clarity.

Function as a Clarity Administrator to modify files on server and XOG in portlets, processes and setup automated jobs that affect all projects in the IT department reducing the effort by 40%.

Assisted with design and Development technical, test plans, and end user training documents.

Interacted with Project Managers and Vice Presidents within Avis Budget Group and functioned as a Project Management Organization Analyst; Contributed to Project Administration Activities.

Maintained SharePoint team collaboration workspace. Created and edited documentation libraries and team sites to reduce errors by 30%.

Learned and performed SharePoint Workflow development, and SharePoint development to create new sites.

Responsible for creating the agenda and preparing for executive meetings. Distributed mass communications among the global members of the company. Participated in IT status meetings, publish meeting minutes and track action items. 

Attended trainings for TIBCO Jaspersoft and Project Portfolio Management to help in creating high-level status reports for the senior management, helping them identify the health of the Project based on CPI and SPI and various metrics.



Accenture Services Private Limited, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India                                   	                                                                                    2013-2015

Associate Software Engineer

Pioneered agile development approach as a TIBCO BusinessWorks developer to build three services: credit check, cell phone number allocation, cell phone plans and contracts.

Analysed and debugged high priority TIBCO defects in multiple testing environments as part of two members defect fix team thereby revamped quality of code by 40%.

Finished Accenture Retail Industry Generalist Certification to grasp Retail Industry and understand client better, boosting throughput by 20%.

Co-ordinated with DevOps team, Java builds team and test team to make improvements in code reducing defect rate by 20%.

Designed two API documents and made changes in the Software Design Description documents as guided by onshore team and client.

Reported improvements and gaps in software leading to development of new workflows in existing code.



 RELEVANT PROJECTS

 

 Improvement/Enhancement of a website using Agile (Scrum) methodology:  Product Owner

As part of the Business Process Analysis course worked for an external client (Doctor’s Community Hospital) using the SCRUM methodology to improve the website for a healthcare program.

Worked with the client to gather requirements, understand the intended functionality, co-ordinate with the Scrum team and scrum master, improve the business value of the product, prioritize user stories on the product backlog, backlog grooming for sprints , Requirement clarification , participated in sprint planning meetings , sprint reviews with the stakeholders and sprint retrospective meetings.



 Database Management Systems: Bio-medical Waste Management System

The focus was to develop a centralized biomedical waste management system where the administrator of the generator can log in and track the bio-waste from the point of generation up to disposal. 

The complete database and a mobile application were created on Salesforce platform for the project.



 Analysing CDC Death Records datasets using Big Data technologies

The project involves analysis and visualization of dataset containing the Death records in the USA for the year 2014 released by CDC using following technologies: Hive, PIG, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Spark, and Tableau.



 Data Mining and Predictive Analytics - Yummly Kaggle Dataset

Handled huge volumes of classic text mining data comprising 1900+ ingredients, 30,000+ dishes to predict type of cuisine. 

Performed Logistic regression, Classification trees, Random Forest, SVM , Neural Networks, KNN to determine accuracies of predictions.


 Firm Analysis for Mapbox

Analysed business strategy of Mapbox and identified core competencies by performing evaluating against Porter's five force model.

Performed market research, data analysis, product recommendations to identify competitor strategies and analysed target audience's needs.\n
Santosh Chintalacheruvu 

                                                      Santosh.chintalacheruvu@gmail.com

                                                                   6187803349   

Experience Summary

Over 9 years of experience in Information Technology with emphasis on Software Testing/Quality Assurance and Business Analyst. Strong experience in Quality-Assurance testing of web based and client/server applications in the varied domain. 



Excellent understanding of Software Development Life Cycle and Test Methodologies from project definition to post-deployment documentation such as planning, creating, executing, reporting, and tracking the defects

Experience in writing test plans, test cases, developing and maintaining test scripts based on business and functional requirements. Documented all phases of QA process

Proficient in Manual and Automated testing of applications

Experienced in defining and executing testing plans

Experience in Black Box Testing, White box Testing

Tested several products through complete lifecycles and multiple releases

Proficient in using Automation Tools QTP in Client/Server, Web, Database and Financial applications in Banking, Health care, Web services, Insurance and manufacturing

Extensive experience in functional, compatibility, reliability, usability, regression, system level load and stress and performance testing.

Strong Experience in Agile Methodologies, Scrum Methodologies.

Good Experience working on Data Warehousing Tools such as Business Objects and Informatica

Extensive experience in Conducting User Acceptance Testing ( UAT ) with the end Users for difference commercial soft wares.

Performed testing extensively for integration and unit testing of standalone and distributed GUI-based applications and GUI-less SOA Web Services.

Very good knowledge in Java, HTML,XML and scripting languages such as, VBScript

Coordinated and facilitated meetings between test team and applicable development team members to identify and resolve defects identified by the test team

Experience in configuring QA Process in Mercury Quality Center

Extensive Experience on SQL, Oracle

Expertise in problem solving and Bug tracking Reports using Bug tracking Tools like Bugzilla

Participation in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle including analysis, design, coding, testing and expertise in integration using .NET technology were using C#. NET, ASP.NET, VB.NET, .Net Framework 2.0, Win Forms, XML Web Services in Visual Studio.NET environment

Excellent communication, co-ordination and presentation skills

Excellent analytical, problem solving and learning skills as well as a keen interest in the emerging technologies Developed strong Communication and interpersonal skills while working in diverse team environments

	

	TECHNICAL SKILLS:

                                                                                                                            

Testing Tools



Defect Tracking Tools

HP Quality center ( ALM ), Quick test Pro, UFT ,Load Runner, SOAP UI, Clear Quest, DOORS

Quality Center ALM, Clear Quest, BugZilla

Web/Application Servers

WebLogic, WebSphere, Apache

Languages 

HTML, XML, SQL

Operating Systems

Windows 98/00/03/XP, Windows NT, Unix (Sun Solaris)

Databases

Database Tools

Oracle 10g/11G, SQLServer 2008

TOAD, AQT, SQL Script Generator

Data warehousing Tools 

Informatica, Crystal Reports, Business Objects



Education

Bachelors in Computer Science - 2005

Masters in Software Engineering, Stratford University, VA – 2010

Relevant Experience 

Census Bureau    Suitland, MD                                                                                 Nov 2011-Present                                                                                 

Position: Sr. System QA Analyst



The Department Of Commerce implemented a department – wide financial information system to support its full range of financial management related activities. Census Bureau, an operating unit within the Department of Commerce, has been integrally involved in the development of numerous modules with in CAMS. CAMS is made up of a standard core Financial system ( CFS ) that is integrated / Interfaced with department- Financial systems for budget formulation, procurement, payroll, property. Travel, and other functions.  

Responsibilities:

Involved in analyzing and documenting business rules and functional requirements.

Provided valuable input in meetings detailing new testing strategies for future testing efforts.

Involved in end to end testing for multiple applications.

Provided production support on various applications.

Worked on validating  BI publisher reports.

Worked directly with Application Lead and DBA’s in testing Web service’s for multiple applications.

Providing weekly status information on all the projects to Project Manager.

Worked closely with the production support team in troubleshooting the issues.

Presented Demo’s to the End user ( Customers ).

Involved in Testing Web Services.

Heavily Involved in testing for Oracle 10G to Oracle 11G migration.

Analyze data using SQL, Excel, Unix and data testing tools

Strong understanding on the UFT  and SOAPUI.

Good Experience in Generating QA reports. 

Involved in troubleshooting the batch jobs errors.

Worked on the data warehouse process applications.

Created and maintained documentations in the standards of the Organization.

Wrote End-To-End Functional and Regression QA Testing scenarios in the testing process.

Used SQL Queries for data handling in back end testing in Oracle 10g and Oracle 11G.

Performed GUI testing, Functional, Ad-hoc testing and Spot Testing.

Performed extensive End-To-End Regression Testing for subsequent versions of the applications.

Verified the module versions in the installation plan and back out plan in Team Track.

Created test plans and test scripts in HP Quality Center.

Responsible for Setting up Web Services project using WSDL in SOAPUI and provided setup help to other team members.

Used Unix commands and utilities to monitor server side activities and performance.

Involved in Various Admin related tasks.

Attended bi-weekly and monthly and ad-hoc meetings to provide testing status.

	

Environment:  ALM Quality Centre, UFT, Web services, SOAP UI, SQL, JIRA, UNIX,Team Track, MS Office, Toad, Lotus Notes, Oracle 11G, BI publisher,  Reflection X.

	



Fifth Third Bank, Cincinnati, OH                                                                            May 2011-Nov 2011                                                                                 

Position: Sr.QA/ On site Coordinator



Fifth Third is one of the nation's leading financial institutions, lending and investment services to individual consumers, as well as to small businesses. It maintains users checking and saving account information, allows users to make a payment, transfer funds and customize reports for users and bankers. Enterprise Customer Information File ( ECIF ) is the WCC tool from IBM and it stores the customer level and account level information, which comes from the different client's ( Bankers ) within the organization.

Interaction with all levels of management, development and quality assurance personnel to analyse business and functional requirements

Providing weekly status information on all the projects to Project Manager.

Discussions on issues/risks and status of project with the FTE lead whenever required

Conducting QA artifacts (Test plan and TDLs) review meetings with PMs and Tech leads.

Responsible for defining the boundary and in scope requirement for the QA team.

Assigned daily task to the offshore team, and closely monitored on the performance by the offshore team.

Good Experience in Generating QA reports. 

Involved in Testing Web Services using SOAP UI.

Involved in testing Web services and XML with tool called ‘SOAP UI’. I have been using this tool to locate WSDL file on internet, create Test cases, run them, do load testing, security testing.

Developed test harness for Web Services by means of SoapUI, Groovy script.

Conducted requirement-gathering sessions with the development, architecture, product support group, customer experience, and compliance and security teams.

Worked closely with the Project team in clarification of requirements and
communicated the same to the offshore team.

Worked on Advance Query Tool (AQT ) for executing SQL queries.

Created Test plan and Test Strategy.

Write test cases to test the application manually in Quality Center

Implemented Quick Test Professional at client place successfully for the automation.

Extensively used Quick Test Professional methods to create automated scripts

Developed automated test scripts from manual test cases for Regression testing based on the requirement documents using Quick Test Professional.

Developed UNIX shell scripts which can be used in all stages of the project.

Formulated methods to perform Positive and Negative testing against requirements.

Performed Smoke testing, Functional testing, System testing, Integration testing, Regression testing and UAT throughout the project life cycle.

Conducted data driven testing to test certain specific functionalities various test input data.

Worked on WCC tool, which is a IBM product. 



Environment:  ALM Quality Centre, QTP, WCC ( IBM TOOL ),JIRA, SOAP UI, MAIN FRAMES, SQL, AQT, DB2, JAVA.



Fannie Mae, Washington  DC                                                                                Jun  2010- Apr  2011                                                                                 

Position: BA /QA Analyst



Single Family Credit Loss Forecast 

Fannie Mae provides financial products and services that increase the availability and affordability of housing for low-, moderate- and middle-income. It has three lines of business - Single-Family, Multifamily and Capital Markets - that provide services and products to lenders and a broad range of housing partners. This application is Single Family Credit Loss Forecast  which is to make a reasonable estimate of future single-family foreclosure losses using a historical sample of the credit book of business and statistical techniques. 

Responsibilities:

Interaction with all levels of management, development and quality assurance personnel to analyse business and functional requirements.

Conducted requirement-gathering sessions with the development, architecture, product support group, customer experience, and compliance and security teams.

Responsible for documenting and prioritizing the requirements and conveying the same to the Business and Development Teams.

Created Test Plan and Test Strategy.

Thoroughly reviewed Business requirements documents and Functional requirements documents before preparing test cases, test scenarios.

Conducted daily meetings with Plan team to review test scenarios and test scripts.

Created test cases using Quality Center and linked each test case to corresponding requirements to develop Requirements traceability matrix.

Conducted Peer reviews to improve the quality of test cases and test scenarios.

Submitted data through web portal and also through a custom built tool to simulate direct integration environment.

Created hundreds of test files to cover both positive and negative testing scenarios.

Used XML Spy extensively to create, validate and modify XML input files.

Extensively performed backend database testing for data integrity.

Used TOAD to write complex SQL queries for validating data based on each and every business rule.

Validated all the reports based on the business requirements.

Involved in every stage of the defect management life cycle.

Used Clear quest as defect tracking tool to report, manage and track all the defects.

Responsible for Coordinating UAT, Test Script/case documentation and execution.

Created test cases using quality data to validate end-to-end business processes during UAT.

Tracked, Managed and documented problems during UAT.

Provided a weekly report that includes Test Metrics and status reports.

Participated in Go-No Go meeting calls at the end of each testing cycle.

Designed training documents for end users of application.



Environment: SAS/Base, SAS/SQL, SAS/STAT, Oracle, UNIX, Quality Centre, Toad, Rational Clear Quest.



Tabula Digital Educational Games,  NYC                                                            Jun  2008- Jun  2010                                                                                 

Position: QA Analyst



Description: Tabula Digital is the company which is in Dimension educational video game series for maths, this educational video games are to the students to practice core K-12 subjects including math, literacy, science and history. Have worked as Intern and this is a Web based game application testing. The GUI (front End) part of the application which resides and runs on the client system is developed using ASP.NET in Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 IDE. We used both Manual and Automation tools for testing the application. 

Responsibilities:

Designed and developed the test cases and Test plan.

Performed Black Box, White Box Testing and Regression Testing.

Detecting bugs and classifying them based on the Severity.

Extensively used Quick Test Professional ( QTP ) methods to create automated scripts.

Involve in writing and testing various stored procedures, functions and packages using and SQL server.

Involved in performing extensive Back-End Testing by writing SQL queries to extract the data from SQL Database suing SQL Server 2000.

Created test cases using Quality Center and linked each test case to corresponding requirements to develop Requirements traceability matrix.

Used TOAD to write complex SQL queries for validating data based on each and every business rule.

Developed automation scripts using QTP.



Environment: Quality Visual Studio 2008, C#, ASP. NET, ADO .NET, MSSQL Server Express 2005,   QTP, Mantis, Quality Center, SQL Server, MS Excel, Unix



21st Century Software Solutions, Hyderabad, India                                               Feb  2007- Jun 2008                                                                                 

Position: QA Analyst



Description: 21st Century Software Solutions develops software projects on-site by using cutting edge technical professionals for Accounting/Tax Industry.  Have worked as Intern for one year and Full time. 



Responsibilities:

																

Developed detailed Test Plan and Test Cases against the requirements for testing the application.

Tested the application manually by executing Test Cases prior to Automation and reported the bugs to the developers using the Bugzilla.

Performed End-to End and Sanity Testing through Manual Testing.

Performed regression testing manually to test the functionality of the application after the bug fixing .

Performed cross browser testing for multiple browsers on different platforms (Windows & UNIX) and interpreted the negative/positive results.

Used different checkpoints to make sure that the application is meeting the requirements.

Created load scripts using the virtual user generator.

Created Scenarios and virtual users using Load Runner Controller.

Generating the Script using Vu Generator.

Script Execution in Load Controller.

Developed UNIX Shell Scripts to assist in QA testing.

Executed SQL commands to perform the Backend Testing on database.

Performed database integrity check using SQL, Toad and UNIX Shell Scripts.

Participated in Walkthrough and defect report meetings periodically.

Reported bugs using the bug-tracking tool BugZilla.



Environment: Windows 2000, .Net framework, informs, VB, ASP, Oracle8.0, PL/SQL, Websphere, TOAD, BugZilla, Excel, Web logic, UNIX Shell Scripts. 



Certifications and Training

Successfully completed AMSD 2016 SDLC Training in Census Bureau, 2016

Awards, Citations, and Memberships

Received Performance Reward, Systalex – 2012

Security Clearance

Public Trust Security Clearance   -  2012\n
MICHAEL ANTONY
8125 48th Avenue

College Park, Maryland 20740

Phone Number 301.624.3211

michael.antony@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems | GPA – 3.95 / 4.0
Vellore Institute of Technology, Vellore, India
Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology | GPA – 7.94 / 10.0

December 2016

May 2012

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Schneider Electric India Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore, India
July 2012 – July 2015
Senior Analyst – Web Operations
Project: Planview Upgrade
 Configured and deployed new version of resource allocation tool, saving organization $30,000
 Used pivot tables in MS Excel to analyze breakdown of overall project costs
 Analyzed requirements and created Functional Requirements report for project stakeholders
 Executed transactional SQL scripts to manipulate over 800,000 records of data in the database
Project: EcoXpert Upgrade
 Coordinated with the Project Manager to deliver new release of application to reduce downtime by 60%
 Liaised between Project Manager and Database Administrator to speed up execution of required SQL scripts
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Business Process Analysis –Doctors Community Hospital
April 2016
 Converted over 50 functional and non-functional requirements into user stories for Sprint backlog
 Developed website registration form as part of Scrum Team using Agile methodology
 Implemented views and manipulated data in a 70,000 record database using SQL
Google Analytics – Google Online Marketing Challenge | Client: Story District
April 2016
 Planned a Google Ad campaign for client within a budget of $250
 Used Google Analytics to measure events and conversions to increase success indicators by 10%
Database Management System – Car Rental System
December 2015
 Used SQL to create and update over 1000 rows within the car rental database
 Developed application front-end using .NET to allow customers to log in and rent a car from the database
 Created document suite containing ER Schema, business transactions and installation instructions
Data Models and Decision Making – Bike Rental
December 2015
 Created a data model using MS Excel and used @Risk to perform simulation to track inventory and revenue
 Used Solver Tables to perform sensitivity analysis and help maximize profit by 20%
LEADERSHIP/VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Co-Vice President of External Relations
December 2015
MS Professional Communications Club, Robert H. Smith School of Business
 Organized mock career fair for 200 MSc students to help students gain career fair experience
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 Technical skills: SQL, C++, HTML, .NET, MS Office, MS Excel (StatTools, Pivot Tables, Solver Tables),
Tableau, Google Analytics, Google AdWords, R
 Awarded “Xtra Miler” award for delivering upgrade within 1 month deadline
 Member of Schneider Electric’s soccer team

\n
VINCENZO DIRIENZO

62-60 99th St., Apt 1521, Rego Park, NY, 11374

347-730-6043, yovinnyd@hotmail.com



EXPERIENCE:

    Dec 2014-                               United Nations, Department of Field Services, New York, NY, USA

SAP Human Resources Business Associate:  Develop, advise and harmonize guidelines of staffing structures for UN field missions within occupational groups. Develop and write generic job profiles. Classify international and national posts.

					

	Jul 2004 – Jul 2014		United Nations Development Program, Copenhagen, Denmark.

Human Resources/Payroll:  Oversight and leading role for planning, design, implementation, execution and delivery of People Soft ERP implementation Project. Main project focus was Global Payroll, Absence Management, Human Resources and Benefits Administration for up to 20,000 staff. Provide People Soft ERP functional and technical advisory support to end users. Created Scripts and Templates for User Acceptance Testing. Developed HR and Payroll reporting.

Country Office Salary Survey; responsible for planning, analysis and all phases of conducting and implementing a new benefits and compensation scale.

Acting Payroll Manager/ Operations Specialist: Supervision of staff, monitoring of work flow and assistance to client needs. Detail expenditure reporting to HQ.

Workshop and training facilitator:  Successful planning, implementation and execution for People Soft ERP training and UNDP policy workshops to country offices. Workshops conducted in Spanish and English.

People Soft HCM Banking focal point: Ensure proper banking input in line with international banking standards. Bank reconciliation for payroll source accounts.

Learning Manager: Assist unit and staff for learning needs and budgeting.

Detail Missions: As requested by HQ and client offices.



Mar 1995- Jun 2004	United Nations Development Program/IAPSO. Copenhagen, Denmark.

Human Resources/ Operations: Responsible for salaries, benefits and entitlements for all contract modalities. 

Common Services Coordinator/Office-Operations Manager.  Coordinated all UN House common services amongst the respective agencies including human resources, payroll, administration and security.  Responsible for the agency reporting and reconciliations. Created and designed payroll systems. 

Country Office Salary Survey: responsible for planning, analysis and all phases of conducting and implementing a new benefits and compensation scale.

Travel Coordinator: Negotiated contracts with vendors and advised staff on UNDP travel entitlements and allowances.

Acting finance manager:Supervised staff, payroll, vendor payments, project budget maintenance report and reporting, Supervision of eight staff.

Learning Manager: Assisted staff and identified learning needs and budgeting.

Detail Missions : As requested by HQ and client offices. 



Feb 1992-Sep 1996		DANSK BASEBALL SOFTBALL FORBUND. Gentofte, Denmark.

National team coach/ Consultant: Leadership, coaching and teaching for men, women and youth national teams. Responsible for HR, Payroll and Operations with supervision of 20 staff.



Sep 1992 –Dec 1994		BERLITZ LANGUAGE SCHOOL.Lyngby, Denmark.

English Teacher: Private/ group instructor for business market. Marketed services to private sector. Drafted correspondences for students.





Feb 1989- Jan 1992		E.I. DUPONT DE NEMOURS & CO. INC. Wilmington, Delaware, USA.

Account Manager: Administer and support client accounts 

Jun 1984 – Jan 1985		Cost Accountant: Reconciled accounts, budgeting and forecasting.



Jun 1987 –Feb 1989		GEORGIA PACIFIC CORP. New Castle, Delaware, USA.

Client manager: Client relations to new and existing customers. Responsible for inventory, budgeting and product pricing. Supervision of sales team.



Jun 1983 –Jun 1987		KLONDIKE KATES RESTAURANT GROUP. Newark, Delaware, USA.

General Manager: Overall operational responsibility for five businesses including supervision of payroll and human resources. Responsible for budgeting and tax reporting. Direct supervision and planning for 300 staff.



OWNERSHIP

Feb 1985 –May 1992             PROSPECTS TAVERN. Wilmington, Delaware, USA. 

Owner/ Consultant: Started business from ground up. Property management. Responsible for start up and daily operations including HR and supervision for 50 staff. Tax reporting and accounting sales budgeting.

				

EDUCATION:

1990                                        Wilmington University, New Castle, DE, USA.

			            Masters Business Administration: Finance, Management 

1983				Western Maryland College. Westminster, Maryland, USA.

				Bachelor of Arts: Economics & Business Administration

				Received numerous school/ fraternity offices, awards and scholarships. 						Participated in varsity sports and other non-academic activities.

1979				Tower Hill High School. Wilmington, DE. USA.



OTHER:

2010				UNDP Human Resources Certification (Cornell University)

2005                                        UNDP Virtual Development Academy

2005				People Soft query manager certified

2000				Windows 2000: International Computer Drivers License



*LANGUAGES*		English, Danish, Spanish fluent. Italian, Norwegian working.\n
Abhinav Jain
(240)802-9766; Ajlive1@live.com			        https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhinav-jain-66b23850/

EDUCATION

M.S., Telecommunication Engineering, University of Maryland		     	   CGPA - 3.5	    2017

B.E., Electronics and Communication, Oriental Institute of Science & Technology 	   CGPA – 3.3        2012



BUSINESS EXPERIENCE

CENTER FOR ADVANCED LIFE CYCLE ENGINEERING (Research Associate)			   Sept 2015 –present

Responsible for collecting, organizing and analyzing data, presenting findings and writing reports



COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS 							  July 2012 – July 2015
(IT Programmer Analyst – Business Intelligence & Quality Assurance)
Data Migration Testing for Duck-Creek application

Responsible for end-to-end testing of Business Intelligence data for client reports.

Involved in interacting with the business users for requirement gathering, to create functional specs.

Data Quality Management 

Analyzed large datasets ranging from 80-100GB migration by using MS Excel Macros reducing the testing effort by 70%.

Managed defect life cycle using HP Quality Center.

Data Testing Strategy

Developed complex SQL scripts in management studios Embarcadero, SQL server 2008 R2 to query IBM DB2 & Microsoft SQL server to test data for comprehensive insurance software.


ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Real time implementation of Client-Server Reliable file transfer & Cryptographic Authentication using UDP

Designed a distributed network application in Eclipse using Java’s UDP sockets.

Simulating downlink behavior of a 3-sectored base-station in a Python application

Addressed issues due to channel unavailability, signal strength, fading & shadowing on calls attempted.           IP Domain & Dossier System application using C

Designed a Client and Server communication model on TCP/IP with server using text file fostering domain & IP

Implemented a binary search tree to improve performance and produce log files to record events


TECHNICAL SKILLS

Data Analysis Tools: 	Embarcadero, Microsoft SQL Server, MS Excel (Pivot Tables), SOLVER platform

Operating Systems:     Junos OS, UNIX, Windows

Software: 		PuTTY, Matlab, Eclipse, Wireshark

Databases:		Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2, IBM DB2

Productivity tools: 	HP Quality Center, MS Word, MS Outlook, MS Power Point, MS Project, MS Access

Area of Expertise: 	Configuring & Troubleshooting Juniper Routers (SRX240 series) using CLI, OSI layer,

Networking Protocols – TCP/IP, OSPF, RIP, BGP, UDP, HTTPS, ETL, SQL, SDLC, Functional

Tech specs, Business Process Improvement, Regression testing, creating Test cases, Test scenarios, Test Plans, Test Strategies, Linear Programming.

CERTIFICATIONS

Juniper Networks Certified Internet Associate 

Cognizant Certified Professional in Datawarehousing concepts



ORGANIZATIONS

Microsoft Student Partner, Institution of Engineers\n
Navdeep Singh Nara
College Park, MD

301-318-8428

navdeep.nara@rhsmith.umd.edu

www.linkedin.com/in/naranav

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science (M.S.), Major: Information Systems
Ramrao Adik Institute of Technology, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Major: Electronics and Telecommunications

December 2016
July 2013

SKILLS
ยง
ยง
ยง

Analytical: Scrum, Agile, Tableau, R, Python, Hadoop, AWS, SPARK, Hive, Android Studio, Risk Analysis,
Salesforce, API, Solver, Spreadsheet modeling using MS-Excel, Statistics
Technical: SQL, JAVA, J2EE, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, XML, C++
Domain: Healthcare, Insurance, Banking, Computer Networking, Internet Security, Telecommunication

EXPERIENCE
Client Network Services Inc. (CNSI), Rockville, Maryland
June 2016 - July 2016
Designation: Business Data Analyst Intern
ยง Visualized billions of rows of data on Tableau Desktop to examine trend and come up with conclusions based on
Washington state demographics
ยง Predicted total number of claims and payments with an accuracy of 87.61% by formulating models on R-Studio.
ยง Examined healthcare payment modules using Health Beat application to improve efficiency and performance.
ยง Prototyped android application in Android Studio for easier information availability to clients and decreasing call
center call volumes by around 30% and cutting down on costs by 20%.
Tech Mahindra, Mumbai, India
Sept 2013 โ June 2015
Designation: Software Engineer
ยง Developed and unit tested over 1500 lines of code using Computer Sciences Corporationโs (CSC) GraphTalk
application to fulfill client requirements related to insurance modules and products.
ยง Prepared SQL queries to report taxes incurred and commission paid to agents throughout the year.
ยง Conducted comprehensive analysis and presented solutions to all bugs arising in code thereby reducing
Turnaround time by 4 minutes.
ยง Led and mentored three team members to revamp entire claim module within a nine-month time frame.
ยง Automated claim initiation and approval process decreasing manual intervention by 40%, and curtailing program
execution time by 14 seconds.
ยง Administered 16 Tuxedo servers (middleware between GraphTalk and Web Portal for providing services) and
supervised Tuxedo deployment process.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Internet Of Things: BitByte
ยง Led Scrum Team of 7 members as a Scrum Master to develop an android application, which gets real time data
from wearable sensors and helps you improve eating habits and lifestyle.
ยง Implemented Scrum methodology and completed project in 3 sprints of 2 weeks each.
ยง Interacted with client and Product owner to gather requirements and presented these to the Scrum Team.
ยง Documented the tasks and progress made by each member of the team.
Big Data: Amazon Fine Food Reviews
ยง Analyzed reviews on food to predict customer trends by adopting MLlib machine learning algorithms in Spark.
ยง Leveraged Tableau to perform data visualization and interesting insights into the data.
ยง Used Hive to perform descriptive analytics on Amazon Food data.
ยง Executed python scripts containing different models on Amazon Web Services (AWS) to predict customer behavior.
LEADERSHIP
ยง Vice President of External Relations at Information Systems Association (ISA) at Smith. Responsible for
meeting with the Master Program Office and enhancing alumni/company involvement.
ยง Track Representative for Information Systems cohort at R.H. Smith School of Business. Liaison between
administrative office and students for effective communication of views, suggestions and information.

\n
Rodrigo	Pimenta	
rodrigopineiropimenta@gmail.com|	9907	Marquette	Dr.		Bethesda,	MD,	20817	|	301-765-4895	
______________________________________________________________________________________________________	
Education:	
University	of	Maryland,	College	Park,	MD	 	
	
	
	
	
A.	James	Clark	School	of	Engineering	
B.S.	Computer	Engineering			 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
											Expected	December	2019	
• Current	GPA:	3.42/4.00	
ACES	Minor	
	
• A	selective	advanced	upper-level	cyber	security	honors	program,	which	emphasizes	on	hands-on	
experience	in	order	to	develop	practical	cyber	security	skills	through	coursework,	group	projects,	and	
research.		
Environment,	Technology,	and	Economy	Scholars	Honors	Program	
• Competitive	honors	program	that	explores	global	sustainability	through	class	time	and	first	hand	
experiences	with	environmental	relationships,	new	advances	in	technology,	and	the	environmental	impacts	
on	various	economic	sectors.	
______________________________________________________________________________________________________
Skills:	
Languages:	
	
Fluent	in	English,	Portuguese,	and	Spanish	
Computer	Skills:	
Proficient	in	JAVA,	C,	C++,	JavaScript,	Ruby,	Python,	Ocaml,	Matlab,	Verilog,	Microsoft	Excel,	
Microsoft	Word,	Microsoft	PowerPoint,	Autodesk	Inventor,	and	programming	in	a	UNIX	
environment.	
Relevant	Coursework:	 Object-Oriented	Programming	I-II,	Introduction	to	Computer	Systems,	Discrete	Structures,	
Organization	of	Programming	Languages,	Digital	Logic	Design,	Elements	of	Discrete	Signal	
Analysis,	Electric	Circuits,	Digital	Circuits	and	Systems	Laboratory,	Computer	Organization,	
Signal	and	System	Theory,	Analog	and	Digital	Electronics,	Electronic	Circuits	Design	Lab,	
Microeconomics,	Macroeconomics,	Chemistry	I,	Physics	I-II,	Calculus	I-III,	and	Differential	
Equations.	
______________________________________________________________________________________________________
Project	Experience:	
Over	Sand	Vehicle	Design	Project	
• Programmed	motors	and	sensors	with	Arduino	in	C++	to	move	the	autonomous	vehicle	through	a	
course	of	obstacles	and	to	obtain	dimensions	of	objects	in	a	terrain	of	sand.	
• Designed	circuits,	created	3D	drawings	of	wheels	and	gears	using	Autodesk	Inventor,	and	printed	
desired	components	using	Makerbot	3D	printers.	
CMS	Publisher	Security	Recommendation	Analysis	
• Created	machines	to	host	either	Wordpress	or	Joomla	with	different	levels	of	security	implementations.	
• Wrote	scripts	in	Bash	and	Python	and	collected	IP	address	of	requester,	timestamp,	type	of	request,	
file/domain	to	which	request	was	made	from	apache	logs	in	order	to	determine	which	security	
implementation	was	most	cost	effective.	
______________________________________________________________________________________________________	
Other	Activities:		
Study	Abroad.	Studied	abroad	in	Rome	for	an	academic	period.	
Diversity.	Born	in	Brazil	to	a	Brazilian	father	and	Spanish	mother.		Holds	Brazilian	and	Spanish	passports	and	is	
open	to	working	outside	of	the	US.	Holds	American	Permanent	Residency	and	does	not	require	work	visa	
sponsorship.	
Travel	Abroad.		Lived	in	Brazil.	Visited	Spain,	Mexico,	France,	Greece,	Italy,	Denmark,	Turkey,	and	other	countries.	
Volunteer.	Frequent	volunteer	at	the	Greentree	Shelter	for	Women.	Volunteered	for	60	hours	during	Summer	2016	
in	the	homeless	shelter’s	Finance	Department.	
YMCA	Bethesda-Chevy	Chase	Volunteer		(May-September	2013/2014).	Responsible	for	the	younger	class	of	thirty	
children	as	a	camp	counselor.	Conducted	swimming	lessons,	taught	basic	sports	rules,	and	led	group	games.	
Society	Memberships.	Pi	Kappa	Phi	Fraternity,	Alpha	Lambda	Delta	Honor	Society,	Primannum	Honor	Society,	
National	Society	of	Collegiate	Scholars,	Society	of	Hispanic	Engineers.	
Linkedin.	https://www.linkedin.com/in/rodrigo-pimenta-260534102	

\n
Michael Freeman
Cell: 972-310-8273 
Michael.Freeman73@gmail.com

LinkedIn Profile


Oracle Applications Database Administrator 

Core Qualifications  

Installation/Configuration/Administration of Oracle Retail Suite 10.x – 15.x, Oracle Forms and Reports 11g, Oracle WebTier and Apache Web Server

Installation/Administration of Oracle 10g/11g/12c Database, Fusion WebLogic 8i-12c, WebSphere, Oracle10gAS, Jboss

Database Performance and SQL Tuning & Capacity Planning

RMAN Backup & Recovery

Strong understanding of UNIX OS (AIX, Solaris) and Linux(RedHat, Fedora)

Languages – XML, JDBC, JSP, Data Sources, RCU, KSH, BASH, WLST, ORAPKI, OWM, Keystores, JNDI, SQL, PL/SQL, ANT



Experience 

Army/Air Force Exchange Service (AAFES) - Dallas, TX			     July 2016 – Present

Application Server Admin III at The Exchange



Promoted to Application Server Admin III in July 2016 and transitioned to support The Exchange's Ecomm solution, working as lead Oracle DBA and Application Admin

Supporting Oracle ATG & Endeca on Jboss with Apache web servers running on Redhat Linux

Application Database Administrator I, II				 		   2011-Present

Key Projects:

Install/configure Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c from small multi-gig to petabyte databases running on AIX

Upgrade through all versions of Oracle from 9i - 12.1.0.2

Developed UNIX scripts to automate file system clean up jobs, Oracle db backups with RMAN, monitoring, and alerting

Install/configure/administer Oracle 12c Grid Control for operating system and database monitoring - configured GRID to handle backups with Oracle databases

Installed Oracle's WebTier; secured and registered applications for use

Installed/configured/administered Oracle Retail applications through version 15 (RMS,

RPM, ReSA, Allocations, RPAS Fusion client (Location Planning, Retail Demand Forecasting))

Integrated Oracle (OID) and Microsoft (AD) LDAP solutions

Tech Mahindra - Richardson, TX					             April 2011 – June 2012
Application/Software Development/Support

Transitioned in same role, with a new job title, from AT&T full-time employment to a Tech Mahindra contractor role as part of the mandatory restructuring of my business unit.

AT&T - Richardson, TX						             April 2005 – June 2011
Senior IT Analyst

Developed functions, scripts and reports that were instrumental to the success of high-priority point of sale applications. 

Key Projects:

Develop Unix/SQL scripts to streamline and automate system processes, promote efficiency, and increase system availability.

Coordinated with various departments to ensure compliance in regards to company and industry standards, including SDLC, SOX regulations and requirements, etc.

Built strong relationships with development and PMO staff to maintain application availability and efficiency as well as implement necessary enhancements. 



IT QA/QC Analyst   							      October 2003 – April 2005

Technical Support Specialist  				         	          September 2001 – October 2003

CSR I, II, III/Customer Service Manager		            	      November 1996 – September 2001



Education & Certifications 

Dallas County Community College - Dallas, TX
Associate of Arts and Sciences (AAS), Software Programmer/Developer

DBA Workshops: Oracle Database 11g Administration (2011), Advanced Oracle DBA (2012), BEA WebLogic Administration (2006) 



CompTIA Network+

CompTIA License COMP10434288

June 2003 to Present



CompTia A+

CompTIA License fd9dtt114c

February 2001 to Present







Interests & References





Interests include bass fishing, mountain biking, running, soccer, and developing my IT career.



References available upon request.\n
Kip Cordero
Work Experience:
Northrop Grumman Corporation
December 2009 – Present
Key Work Experience:
 Provide planning and development for support for U. S. Army web-based application.
 Guide implementation through training and support to all U. S. DoD Departments, U. S.
Department of State and USAID and U.K. Minsterie of Defense.
 Create products to support Customer Help Desk, developers and trainers.
 Current: Secret Clearance.
SRA
June 2008 – December 2009
Key Work Experience:
 Implemented strategy at U.S. Department of State (HR/EX Bureau) to deliver global support and
training on PeopleSoft HRMS and performance appraisal system.
 Managed Oracle User Productivity Kit (UPK) authoring for development of blended training
solution. Designed and deployed CBT/WBT interactive training modules based on client needs
with associated documentation.
 Created and delivered distance training programs. Delivered Management Officer technology
briefings in Beijing, Manila, Pretoria, and Windhoek.
Vector
May 2008 – June 2008
Key Work Experience:
 Developed change management strategy and coordinated creation of training simulations and
documentation to support implementation of Oracle 11i OPM Financials, Manufacturing,
Inventory and Procurement at Lance Incorporated. Supported stakeholders and functional
leads.
 Coordinated team production of over 160 User Productivity Kit (UPK) topics for training by user
role to support train the trainer for plant and professional personnel.
Quadrant
May 2007 – May 2008
Key Work Experience:
 Created strategy and instructional design using ADDIE module with particular focus on
developing instructor guides for existing financial software applications. For project Phase 2
internal and external “customer” support, implemented customer facing and internal natural
language knowledgebase.
Sarcom
October 2006 – March 2007
Key Work Experience:
 Provided Instructional design (ISD) for Oracle 11i implementation with focus on CRM-Order
Management modules for law enforcement supplies catalogue distribution center.
 Project required needs analysis, work with Subject Matter Experts to create process
documentation and training development following approval of Plan of Instruction and Lesson
Plans using including Oracle User Productivity Kit (UPK) to author interactive simulations and all
documentation.
Kip Cordero

Paradyme Management, Inc.

Page 1 of 3

Hughes Network Systems
January 2006 – August 2006
Key Work Experience:
 Provided training management for team of 4. Group developed training on Peoplesoft CRM8
and network/internet technology for Tier 1, 2 and 3 help desks both continental US and in India.
 Primary tool was Captivate combined with Microsoft Office and Centra (now SABA) distance
learning and LMS.
National Science Foundation
September 2005 – December 2005
Key Work Experience:
 Provided ISD (ADDIE module) for user guides and job aids on new interfaces for legacy
meeting/collaboration systems.
AboutWeb
May 2005 – September 2005
Key Work Experience:
 Provided courseware development for instructor-led programs on deployment readiness
meeting U.S. Army template standards (following SAT instructional design model) to support
Personnel Management, Logistics and Inventory databases.
United States Department of Justice Immigration Review Board
January 2005 – May 2005
Key Work Experience:
 Supported legacy system replacement with needs analysis for change management.
United States Air Force
July 2004 – January 2005
Key Work Experience:
 Provided instructional design (SAT model) meeting Air Force Keesler School House template
standards, creation of formal instruction plans, storyboards and CBT development using
Captivate.
 Deployment of NetIQ network security reporting tools for EDS
XM Radio
July 2004
Key Work Experience:
 Planned and developed instructor-led training for Seibel system CRM for customer support
teams following needs analysis using ADDIE model.
Department of Homeland Security - Centech Group
August 2003– July 2004
Key Work Experience:
 Managed Instructional System Design (ADDIE model) for train-the-trainer programs about law
enforcement databases related to airline industry.
 Worked with SME’s, senior agency personnel and agency trainers to produce programs meeting
the needs analysis and process documentation.
 Full Field Background Investigation for Public Trust - Clearance received 11/03/03.
Nextel
Key Work Experience:

Kip Cordero

April 2003 – August 2003

Paradyme Management, Inc.

Page 2 of 3



Created PeopleSoft 8 HRES modules with input from Subject Matter Experts (SME).for delivery
using “On-Demand” (now Oracle UPK) development tool for simulations and Interwise for elearning for internal “customer” support team.

B2eMarkets
March 2002 – March 2003
Key Work Experience:
 Provided instructional design and instructor-led classes for Global 1000 client base worldwide
on Oracle 8i web-based Supply Chain Management (eSourcing).
 Developed and presented distance learning classes using WebEx to trainees from Taiwan to
South America. Also provided classroom training in Britain and France.

United States Department of Agriculture Forest Service
May 2001 – March 2003
Key Work Experience:
 Oracle Inventory Tracking database (with Global Positioning Satellite data integration). To
increase user productivity support new enhancements, developed web-based product release
notices, user guides and animated tutorials for this Oracle database.
 Provided ISD, material development and train-the-trainer sessions nationwide.
United States Army – Oracle Personnel Tracking System
September 2002 – December 2002
Key Work Experience:
 As part of a rapidly deployed team of trainers, conducted briefings to groups ranging in size
from 12 to 60 on CONUS installations on an Oracle web-based database (PERSTEMPO)
customized for U. S. Army personnel and operations management.

Education:
B. A. from Wake Forest University, Winston-Salem, N.C.

Skills:
Oracle 11i/12: User Productivity Kit (UPK) development
Customer Relationship Management (CRM), and Supply Chain Management (SCM).
Peoplesoft 8.x/9: CRM and HR, HRES modules. OnDemand (now UPK
Desktop Software: Microsoft Office expert and trainer; Captivate, Camtasia, SnagIT
Distance (web-based) training:Adobe Connect (DCO),Centra (now SABA), MS Communicator,
WebEx,Interwise
Softskills: Training skills for Train-the-Trainer programs; sales skills and teleservice-customer
service/supervisory skills

Kip Cordero

Paradyme Management, Inc.

Page 3 of 3

\n
ANIKET  TAMBAY



	 8125 48th Avenue #618 College Park, MD 20740  (240) 491-6532  attambay@gmail.com

	Education 

	University of Maryland, A. James Clark School of Engineering                                                             College Park, Maryland

	M.Eng. Computer Engineering                                                                                                                  Expected May 2017 

	

	Nagpur University, Yeshwantrao Chavan College of Engineering                                                               	           Nagpur, India

	B.E., Electronics Engineering                                                                                                                                     July 2013

	Skillset

	Languages: C, SQL, PL/SQL, Java, C++

	Software Tools: PeopleTools, Eclipse, XML Publisher, SQR, MATLAB, LABVIEW, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint

	Operating Systems: Windows XP/7/8/10

	Databases: Oracle Database 11g, 12c

	Courses Taken: Coursera (Python – Programming for everybody, Python Data Structures) DataCamp (Intro to Python    

	                                    for Data Science, Intermediate Python for Data Science)

	Work Experience

	CNSI (Client Network Services Incorporation)							Rockville, Maryland

	Programming Intern - Healthcare							          June 2016 – July 2016

	Created a PL/SQL package with ‘Advance Scheduler’ procedure for the HealthCare ProviderOne web application that fetches the interfaces scheduled to run on a date passed by the user.

	Assisted developers in reviewing and writing J2EE compliant code utilizing CNSI’s standard IDE of ECAMS.

	Created a JSP page for the user to support the Advance Scheduler procedure.

	Created a Graphical User Interface (GUI) utilizing GUI tools available on the project used by the HealthCareAuthority (HCA) in the state of Washington that supports the ‘Advance Scheduler’ procedure.

	Created a technical approach document that describes the ‘Advance Scheduler’ process.

	

	Wipro Technologies Ltd.	                                                                                                                                  Pune, India

	Associate Consultant                                     	                                                                                   April 2014 – July 2015

	Participated in the technical design, retrofitting, development, coding, testing, implementation and post implementation support for the upgrade of Oracle PeopleSoft FSCM version 8.8 to version 9.2.

	Worked on Application Designer to modify/retrofit existing tables, pages, components, PS Queries, SQRs, menus, and modified the program flow using People Code.

	Retrofitted FSCM User Roles and Permission Lists and nVision layouts.

	Set up Inventory module of PeopleSoft FSCM as per the business flow of the Client’s company.

	Worked on databases of Oracle 11g & DB2 using tools like SQL Developer, Toad for performing SQL programming.

	Developed monthly expense reports in HTML.

	Projects (During Masters of Engineering, College Park, MD)

	Calendar Scheduler (Embedded Systems)						        March 2016 – May 2016

	Implemented a personal calendar in C that records one’s daily activities using arrays, pointers and single linked lists. language that has the different functions for events like add, modify, display all, display events between a specified time period, delete and search events based on name/keyword.

	

	Online Bakery Ordering System (System and Software Requirements)                                    February 2016 – May 2016

	Worked extensively in writing the functional requirements, non-functional requirements and constraints for an online Bakery Ordering System.

	Created work-context, activity and state-transition diagrams, use cases and drafted a SRS document to explain the purpose of designing the online Bakery Ordering System

	

	Learning Management System (Software Engineering)      		                   September 2015 – November 2015

	Worked on designing an online Learning Management System by writing down the different types of requirements and prioritizing them using various methods.

	Created use cases, user stories and use cases diagrams for the requirements. 

	Drafted an IEEE SRS document to explaining the purpose of designing the Learning Management System

	Activities

	Workshop - Constructed a Self-Balancing Bot using Arduino in the technical festival of IIT-Powai, January 2012.

	Leadership - Led the Electronics soccer team 2nd year, 3rd year, final year and won LAKSHYA (inter college FUTSAL championship 2011) and FUTSAL tournament of YASH (Undergrad College Festival).\n
Alexander Berger

3711 Campus Drive

College Park, MD 20742

240-338-2206

alexfberger@gmail.com

Objective

I am seeking an entry-level position where I can use my design and software skills to provide better and more intuitive application design for customers and for my team.

Education

		Bachelor of Science, Computer Science	        Expected May 2017

	Minor: Jewish Studies									        GPA: 3.5

		University of Maryland, College Park, MD

	Member, Digital Cultures and Creativity Honors Program	Sep 2013 – May 2015                             

Work Experience

				Optimal Solutions & Technologies (OST)	 Hyattsville, MD

				Jr. Software Developer	June 2016 - August 2016

				Redesigned project homepages using SharePoint web parts

				Provided SharePoint list enhancements

				Integrated formulas and macros in Excel to improve process

				Jr. SharePoint Developer	Jun 2015 – Aug 2015

					Developed project specific solutions in ASP.NET and C#

					Created specialized form for data entry using Microsoft Visual Studio

					Worked with requirements and design teams

				SharePoint Intern                                                                             	                Jun 2014 – Apr 2015    

					Fixed, updated and improved interface for a SharePoint application using InfoPath forms

					Streamlined areas of workflows by creating automated emails

					Performed administrative tasks including overhauling team site permissions

					Created 30+ page Admin Guide documenting application structure, maintenance and troubleshooting

	Technical Skills

				Proficient in:

				Microsoft SharePoint: Web based services, SharePoint Designer, Microsoft InfoPath, Visual Studio

				Adobe Creative Suite: Photoshop, InDesign, Lightroom, Bridge

				Programming Languages: ASP.NET, C, C#, SQL, Java, Ruby, OCaml, HTML5, Python, Object Oriented Languages, ROS, y86. 

Activities 

				Ometz Jewish Student Group, Religious Coordinator	Jan 2016 - Present

				Planned Sabbath and holiday religious services and events

				JHacks Hackathon at UMD, Participant	Feb 2016

				Placed 8th place with team in the competition

				Bitcamp Hackathon at UMD, Participant	Apr 2014	  

				Worked in a small team on a project for Android using Google Maps and location services\n
Howard Israel
4 Eileen Court
East Brunswick, NJ 08816
732-735-4987 cell
h.israel@comcast.net
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ciso1

CISO
Information Security & Cybersecurity
Risk Management Executive
Summary












15+ years experience all in Information Security/Cybersecurity/Risk Management, IT Audit and
BCP leadership
Managed 15 direct reports and 60+ staff via cross-company matrixed security team
Industries - Financial Services, Healthcare, Telecommunications and US Government (DoD/NSA)
with 10+ years of International experience
Significant experience managing data breaches and system intrusions
Direct interaction with executives, corporate boards, customers, and external auditors.
Managed and defended dozens of IT system audits, including SSAE 16/ISAE 3402/SOC 1/SAS 70
Managed 10+ Business information Security Officers (BISO) and 10+ IT Security Engineers
Strong leadership, consensus building, InfoSec strategy/roadmaps/policy, communication and
negotiation skills
Stable work history that includes product management, project management, systems engineering,
system architecture, software development and technical consulting pre-sales experience
Native English speaker
CISO, CISSP, CISM, and GIAC certifiable

Objective
Seeking a new challenge in an executive/senior leadership position in Information Security (Governance
Risk and Compliance-GRC, IT Risk Management, Cyber Security) that takes advantage of my technical
background and broad management skills within an industry leading organization.

Professional Philosophy
1. Secure Vs. Non-secure - IT Security has never about Secure VS. Non-secure – but really about Risk
Management
2. Balance – IT Security & risk must be balanced against broader considerations – such as system
functionality, performance, compatibility, usability, cost and profitability
3. Partnership – Developing trusted relationships with key leaders in the business is critical to success
4. Character – Key characteristics: industry expertise, being open-minded, attention to detail and
continual improvement that is professionally executed with high integrity

Professional Experience
2006-2017 Fidessa Corp, Regional Chief Information Security Officer & VP, New York, NY
(FTSE 250)
 Responsible for all Information Security and related compliance for the Fidessa application
infrastructure, web and office network infrastructure security, privacy, Business Continuity
Planning, and internal/external audit for Fidessa Corporation
 Manage 10+ Business information Security Officers (BISO) and 10+ IT security engineers
matrixed staff across the Americas while direct reporting to COO
 Sitting member of the Governance, Risk Compliance (GRC) committee. Fidessa provides an asset
management Cloud connected to 200 trading venues globally that processes $20 Trillion of
transactions annually
 Major emphasize is on the protection of highly-sensitive customer real-time mission critical
production trading infrastructure, networking and specialized applications
 Responsibilities includes:
o creation & execution of company security strategy & roadmap, creation of security
policy
o security incident response, breach management, staff and program management, budget,
supervision of internal/external IT audits, (ISO 27001/2, SSAE 16-SOC 1/SAS 70/ISAE
3402 and customer initiated)
o legal and regulatory compliance
o creation of a corporate-wide Business Continuity Plan (BCP), creation of employee security
awareness training, and maintenance of company security policies
 Supported Sales teams in responding to customer security questionnaires and audits of company IT
systems/processes
 Responsible for select audit and security projects globally with briefings to the corporate Board of
Directors
 Member of the Senior Management Operations Team reporting to the COO and CEO. Invited
speaker at the 2015 Data Breach Summit and SC Magazine Security conferences
Major Accomplishments:
 Created the Information Security Strategy & Roadmap with buy-in from senior executives and
business managers
 Implemented data breach incident response and data encryption program
 Managed 11 SSAE 16 (SOC 1) audits in two countries without any audit exceptions over 4 straight
years
 Establish internal Information Security Compliance program per GRC
 Successfully responded to dozens of Tier 1 client “Know Your Vendor”-KYV/Third-party (3rd
party) audits and information security questionnaires
 Guided company successfully thru major Business Continuity Incidents (e.g., Hurricane Sandy)
through execution of BCP without any serious impact to customers or the business operations,
despite loss of main office facility for 3 weeks
2005-2006 Secure Systems Consulting, LLC, President, CEO - Independent Consultant to Johnson &
Johnson, New Brunswick, NJ (Fortune 100)
Compliance Officer, Corporate Information Office.
 Responsible for managing 100+ application security audits to determine compliance with corporate
security and privacy policies.
 Consulted with application development teams to advise on risk mitigation strategy and, if
necessary, complete waiver approval process.



Rewrote risk assessment questionnaire, auditing processes, and created detailed updates to corporate
security policies.

2000-2005 Avaya (per Lucent Technologies Spin-off), Security Strategist, Holmdel, NJ (S&P 500)
 Responsible for the information security strategy, roadmap and application security
architecture/features of applications & systems, for network and operating systems including those
systems in development (pre-deployment) during the SDLC
 Managed a team of 15 direct reports and 60+ staff via cross-company matrixed security team
including InfoSec budget
 Division responsibility for audit compliance program, including responding to corporate IT audit
group (e.g., SOX) and numerous customer IT audit questionnaires
 GRC responsibility includes successful resolution of external security audit findings reporting
directly to Services VP for presentation to the audit committee of the company Board of Directors.
 Product Security & Directory Strategist, CTO Office, responsible for Security
strategy/roadmap/architecture across all Avaya product lines, including: PBX, CRM, Messaging,
VPN and Cajun data switches
 Managed a 60+ staff via cross-company matrixed security team across all product development
areas encompassing hundreds of separate products and offers.
 Significant team building and consensus generation among senior business leaders.
1998-2000 Lucent Technologies, Senior Consultant, Data Security, Network Professional Services,
Warren, NJ (Fortune 500)
 Coordinated management of all aspects of pre-sale and post-sale delivery of data security consulting
to the international service provider market. Including: customer interface, proposal response,
presentation creation and delivery, negotiation and support of Lucent customer teams
1996-1998 AT&T WorldNet, Bridgewater, NJ (Fortune 50)
 Product Manager - Shared responsibility for nine-figure income stream, associated expenses and
$168M Network budget.
 WorldNet Security Manager - Planned and designed security for AT&T WorldNet Service, a
leading Internet Service Provider (ISP) with 1+ million members.
1993-1995 AT&T Bell Labs, Lead Security Engineer, Holmdel, NJ
 US Government classified proposal
 Security Proposal Leader of 7-person team

Previous
 AT&T Taiwan, Inc., Systems Engineer, Taipei, Taiwan



Lived on-site in Taipei for 6 months.
AT&T Bell Labs, Systems Engineer, Whippany & Summit, NJ
Contributing architect of the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI) Trusted Software Methodology.
Systems Engineer at UNIX System Laboratories
National Security Agency (NSA) - DoD National Security Agency, Computer
Scientist/Evaluation Team Leader, National Computer Security Center (NCSC), Fort George G.
Meade, MD

Education
Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, NJ
Master of Science, Computer Science, GPA 3.75/4.0

University at Albany – State University of New York, Albany, NY
Bachelor of Science, cum laude, Double major in Computer Science and Business Administration, Dean’s
List.

Publications – Technical Papers & Books
“Secure: Insight from People Who Keep Information Safe”, contributing author, Chapter titled: “Developing
a Business Continuity Plan in a Mid-Sized Financial Services Firm”, Executive Alliance, 2010.
“Trade-Offs in Establishing a Software Process Security Standard”, Edward Amoroso and Howard Israel,
International Invitational Developmental Assurance Workshop, Turf Valley Hotel & Country Club, Ellicott
City, MD.
“Unified Password Generation”, Proceedings of the Third Annual Canadian Computer Security Symposium,
The Canadian System Security Centre, Communications Security Establishment, Government of Canada,
Ottawa, Canada.
“Computer Viruses: Myth or Reality?”, Proceedings of the 10th National Computer Security Conference,
National Bureau of Standards/National Computer Security Center.
“Design of Originator Controls in a Computer System: a Trusted Discretionary Access Control Mechanism”,
Proceedings of the Third Annual Symposium on Physical/Electronic Security, Philadelphia Chapter, Armed
Forces Communications and Electronics Association.
Four Security reports issued by the Department of Defense, National Security Agency (NSA), DoD
Computer Security Center, Fort Meade, Maryland:

Professional
Member:
 Executive Alliance - Security Leaders Summit
 NY Infragard – US FBI
 MetroSITE Group
NSA Continuity of Operations Symposium - Invited External Keynote speaker: Surviving Hurricane Sandy
Regular speaker at Information Security professional conferences – e.g., 2008 SC World Congress at Jacob
Javits Center, NY; Technology Managers Forum on Business Continuity; Executive Alliance 2010-2011.
Member of Program Review Committee for the Technology Managers Forum: Security and Business
Continuity conferences, NYC, 2006 – Present
Baseline Magazine - Quoted in article for Beware 2006: Exploits Increase, Impact Gets More Serious,
December 13, 2005
Middlesex County College Cybersecurity Program - Advisory Board Member
National Computer Security Conference and the Computer Security Applications Conference - member of
Technical Review Committees
Acknowledged Book Reviewer for :
 “Cyber Attacks: Protecting National Infrastructure” by Edward Amoroso, Elsevier
 “Fundamentals of Computer Security Technology” by Edward Amoroso, Prentice-Hall

Soft Skills:

Leadership, strategic planning, crisis management, strong communication (writing,
presentation, &consensus building), negotiation, and staff management & budgeting.

Technical Skills
Security Strategy & Roadmap, Security Policy, Information Security, Cybersecurity, Network Security,
Systems Security, Security Management, Internet Security, Security Program Development, Security/Risk
Assessment of networks, hosts & applications (e.g., web servers, web-based applications), Operating System
(OS) Security, Application Hardening, Security Awareness Training, Vulnerability Assessments, Secure
Programming, Systems Analysis, System Design, System Architecture, Systems Development Life-cycle
(SDLC), Orange Book/Common Criteria, Security Auditing, IT Auditing, Audit Trails, Security Information
and Event management (SEIM), IT Risk Management, MAC, DAC, Identity & Access Management (IAM),
Single Sign-on Authentication, Role Based Access Control (RBAC), Computer Incident Response Team
(CIRT), Firewalls (LMF), Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), Static code analysis for Secure Programming,
UNIX Security, Shell, TCP/IP, H.323, VoIP, Managed Service Provider, ISO17799, COBIT, Secure
Network Architecture, Cisco, IPSEC, SMTP, FTP, Information Assurance (IA), Designing and
implementing security controls; Technical and operational risk management.
IT Compliance: Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX 404), HIPAA, Gramm Leach-Bliley (GLB), EU Privacy, FDA 21
CFR Part 11, etc. Encryption: DES, 3DES, AES, PKI/X.509, SSL, TLS, SSH VPN, MS Office

Miscellaneous
US Government Clearances (expired): Top Secret, SCI/Polygraph
Numerous achievement awards

\n
Yang Yang
9530 Baltimore Ave n College Park, MD 20740 n (301) 526-1488 n yang.yang5@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
December 2015
Robert H. Smith School of Business, Master of Finance
§ GMAT: 710, GPA: 3.44
§ Relevant Coursework: Valuation in Corporate Finance, Financial Econometrics, Quantitative Investment,
Portfolio Management, Hedge Fund Management, Financial Institution Risk Management.
Shanghai University, Shanghai, China
July 2014
Sydney Institute of Language and Commerce (SILC), Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems
§ Outstanding Student Scholarship for 2010-2011 and 2012-2013 school year.
§ Relevant Coursework: Business Statistics, Database Fundamentals, Objected-Oriented Programming.
University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN
Summer 2012
Summer School Program

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), Henan, China
June 2015-August 2015
Credit Analyst Intern
§ Conducted due diligence on credit applicants, reviewed financial statements and credit history of multiple firms,
ran original risk rating algorithm using ICBC’s risk analysis software to recommend credit lines to senior credit
officers for 10+ clients.
§ Coordinated with credit analysts to review credit statistics, including leverage ratios, liquidity, and funding
capacity for Chinese mining and small businesses; resulted in five approved loans (average of $1,000,000) for
capital expenditures and regional expansion.
§ Assisted senior manager in loan approval process and post-loan management, including investigating client
financial statements, and conducting potential risk forecasting of sub-prime loans; helped identify nonperforming loans and provided performance reports on clients for risk mitigation.
Pingdingshan Tianan Coal Mining Co., Ltd., Henan, China
June 2013-August 2013
Accounting Intern
§ Recorded journal entries for cash payments, receivables, and payables and assisted in monthly declaration of
value-added tax, corporate sales tax and individual income tax.
§ Collaborated with a team of five to reconcile accounts for material costs allocation lists on a regular basis,
monitored corporate expenditures, reported extraordinary items to ensure consumption was within a $20,000
budget.
§ Fulfilled all tasks with no errors during tenure and prepared accurate data for financial statements and financial
analysis reports.

LEADERSHIP AND EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
SHU Innovative Project “Software Testing based on Mobile Terminal”
October 2011-April 2013
Core member
§ Led web testing activities with five team members to discover software errors and areas of improvement for
website design of Shanghai Urban Construction Corp.; provided instruction on user guidance.
Yu Garden Sunshine Home for people with Mental Disabilities
March 2012
Volunteer
§ Facilitated weekly classes about Chinese historical stories to people with mental disabilities.
§ Designed and perform brain training exercises.
Supervisor of Club Association of SILC Student Union
July 2011
Participant of SILC Stimulated Stock and Futures Trading Competition
February 2014

AWARDS AND PUBLICATIONS
Merit Award of SILC Financial Statements Analysis Case Study Contest
April 2013
Co-authored Publication: User Interface Usability Studies on Different Operating Systems, International
Conference on Computer, Networks and Communication Engineering (ICCNCE 2013).

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
§ Technical: Microsoft Excel, SAS, SQL Server, VBA, MATLAB, VB.NET, C++, MorningStar.
§ SAS Base Programming Certificate, Bloomberg Essentials Training Program (BESS), FRM candidate, SAS
Advance Programming candidate.
§ Language: Mandarin Chinese (native).
§ Interest: Swimming, Cooking, Jogging, Table Tennis, Traveling.

\n
RUJUN DAI
3300 East West Hwy

Hyattsville, MD 20782

(812)-606-6624

rujun.dai@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
University of Maryland College Park, Robert H. Smith School of Business, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems
Indiana University Bloomington, Kelley School of Business, Bloomington, IN
Bachelor of science, Majors: Information Systems; Supply Chain Management

December 2017
GPA: 3.79/4.00
2016
GPA: 3.397/4.00

EXPERIENCE
JinkoSolar Co., Ltd, Haining, China
2015
SAP Master Data maintenance specialist (1 month)
▪ Oversaw 1000 company’s SAP master data including customers, suppliers and material; provided accurate and updated data for
other departments.
▪ Conducted over 30 data supports for internal and external users daily, including add, delete, create and edit to avoid data
redundancy and to ensure data integrity.
▪ Facilitated 2 colleagues to analyze requests from 200+ customers for data updating and presented to IT manager.
Housing Accumulation Fund Center, Haining, China
2014
Database Administrator (1 month)
▪ Catalogued and inspected accumulation fund applications over past 10 years, decreasing error rate by nearly 6%.
▪ Recorded more than 1000 key files in database and developed access permissions to ensure information safety.
▪ Cooperated with 3 IT department colleagues to publish emergency manual for recovering database incase abnormal circumstance
occurred.
Arcelormittal Case Competition, Chicago, IL
2013
Award: Top Four
▪ Led team of 5 to investigate significant positive correlation between diversity culture and business success; created campaign for
almost 700 surrounding senior high school Latino students.
▪ Performed an excellent presentation among 170 teams; won Top Four and be invited to Arcelormittal Headquarter in Chicago to
display team effort to company’s management team.
▪ Enhanced effective networking and interpersonal skills during social events with 10 Arcelormittal Vice Presidents and managers.
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
University of Maryland College Park, College Park, MD
2016
Smith Master Student Association (SMSA) Ambassador
▪ Organized the second Smith school basketball tournament successfully with other 5 ambassadors, including marketing, court
reservation, player arrangement, food and drink preparation.
▪ Promoted unity among 32 players and enhanced personal ability to organize and coordinate.
Indiana University, Bloomington, IN
2014
Peer Tutor (4 months)
▪ Selected as peer tutor for course in advanced Excel; mentored 50+ undergraduate students to learn Excel skills, follow lecture
content and solve various tasks twice a week.
▪ Collaborated with other 5 tutors to assist professor and teaching assistant to demonstrate Excel functions, monitor examinations;
achieved advanced communication and teaching skills.
Haining Professional Swimming Team, Haining, China
2014 - 2016
Swimming Trainer
▪ Implemented professional swimming skills for children at Haining Gym for 2 months in summer.
▪ Identified and customized training lessons, safe instructions, enjoyable and motivated environment; accomplished 95%
satisfaction from both children and parents.
▪ Instructed 50+ children for three consecutive years; strengthened sense of responsibility and problem solving skills.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
▪ Language skills: SQL, VBA, VB, R, HTML, Python
▪ Technical tools: Visual Studio, Oracle SQL developer, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Access, Tableau
▪ Hobbies: Swimming, Cooking, Travelling, Guzheng (Chinese traditional instrument)

\n
William (Scott) MacLellan

																			

2340 Fairmount Road, Hampstead, MD 21074

Email: wsmaclellan@yahoo.com

  Mobile: 443-974-7432

Career Overview



Self-motivated Programmer Analyst with over 15 years experience in the Information Technology field. Diverse experience includes software development, systems programming and integration and network management.  Willing and able to learn new systems and adapt with changing corporate environments.    



Programming Languages: Java, C#, PERL, SQL, C, REXX, MVS Assembler, ABAP



Technologies: Java, .Net, ECLIPSE, JMX, JSP, XML, ABAP, SAP Workflow, MySQL, DB2, SQL Server, Hibernate, Subversion (SVN)



Operating System Environments: Windows, Linux, UNIX, Z/OS



Professional Experience



Northrop Grumman

Software Configuration Analyst April 2014 – Current



Performed software build and release management role on MACPro JEE project using Subversion (SVN) repository. 



Assisted with operational aspects of project, managing software deployments and troubleshooting within target  environments 



Software Development Analyst February 2013 – March 2014



Designed and developed a custom desktop software solution to provide analysts with a query/research tool to assist in problem solving provider payment issues with CMS EHR Incentive Program



Solo Cup Company (formerly Sweetheart Cup Co.)

Lead Programmer/Analyst March 2007 - April 2012 



Develop and maintain custom solutions and software modules across multiple platforms.   Coordinate with project managers, clients and other stakeholders to create project deliverables.  Analyze project requirements and develop technical specifications and other project documentation to fulfill project requirements. 



Designed and developed a Java based multi-threaded report distribution server side (LPD/RFC1179 compliant) process to facilitate the automated delivery of mainframe-based reports to email recipients. Commercial products with similar functionality were cost prohibitive ($50K). This system was developed in less than two months and delivered the required functionality at minimal cost.



Developed customized, XML configurable Java Email and FTP and clients for batch automation processes.  Permitted the automated attachment and delivery of files to external customers and processes. These tools were deployed on both Unix and Windows platforms. 



Developed Java programs to convert Cost application text files to Excel workbooks utilizing Apache POI libraries. 



Designed and co-developed an SAP (ABAP) based Change Request Approval system. This system sent email tasks and reminders to SAP clients  This system ensured the timely execution of approvals and reduced time required to push product engineering changes through multiple departments and approver levels by 50%.





Manager Technical Services 2000-2007



Developed Java (JSP/Servlet/MySQL) based problem tracking application deployed on Apache Tomcat.  This system permitted the assignment, tracking, notification and querying of all I.T. related problems ensuring critical issues received prompt attention.



Developed process to produce corporate price books using Java, Perl, XSLT style sheets and Apache FOP to output as PDF documents.  



Developed system exits and utilities to enhance system functions. 



Developed process to convert old line printer based A/P checks to MICR printing on blank check stock. This required reprocessing of check files to introduce PCL codes and logo graphics into datastream.



Network Specialist 1994 - 2000



Provided all network design and support services. 

Transitioned legacy SNA network to TCP/IP CISCO router based network. 



Developed Perl/OLE/Excel application to produce graphical network performance reports.  



Installed, configured  and maintained corporate firewall (Checkpoint). 



Developed several C++ utility programs for the Windows support team to incorporate into login scripts



Developed and deployed a signed Java client socket application to authenticate internal users with Firewall.

	

Systems Programmer - 1988 - 1994



Responsible for installation, maintenance and configuration of system software.

 

Development of specialized system exits and utilities utilizing Assembler and REXX languages

  

Developed reports for system performance monitoring.



Operations Analyst 1986 - 1988

	Coordinated and performed hardware configuration, installation and maintenance. 



Helpdesk Analyst - 1985 - 1986

	



Education

Currently pursuing B.S. in Computer & Information Science part-time at University of MD University College - 45 credits\n
ATHARVA DESHPANDE

4624 Knox Road, Apt 9, College Park, MD 20740
+1-(240)-543-2523  add1793@umd.edu

EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
M.S., Telecommunication Engineering
University of Pune, India
B.E., Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering

GPA- 3.50
(Expected May 2017)

GPA-3.8
(May 2014)

SKILLS
LANGUAGES: Python, Java, C, MATLAB, HTML, SQL, JavaScript, CSS
SOFTWARE: Eclipse, MySQL Workbench, Cisco Packet Tracer, Putty, MS Office
PROTOCOLS: TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, UDP, RIP, ARP, HTTP, BGP, LAN/WAN, Ethernet, VLAN

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
Programmer Analyst Trainee, Cognizant Technology Solutions

Chennai, India



Developed and tested a web application using Java, Html and Tomcat server.



Created user login, published MySQL database and created a user friendly interface to query the data.



Managed a team of 4 members and interacted directly with the client to gather project requirements.

(November 2014 – March 2015)

IT Support, SKNCOE



Pune, India

Provided thorough support and problem resolution for staff in college.
(January 2013-May 2014)
Was responsible for setting up the projectors, installing software and hardware and troubleshooting the computer systems.

PROJECTS
Client- Server Secure Socket Layer (SSL) programming (Python)





(May 2016-present)
Implemented a client program to communicate with a server using sockets.
Mathematical operations were performed on inputs (Integers/Operators) and returned a solution to server.
A secret flag was returned for computing all possible mathematical expressions successfully.
Currently, implementing a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to create a secure communication between client and server.

Cellular Simulation of a Base Station in Python



(April 2016-May 2016)
Developed a simulator in Python for a 3-sectored base station to analyze the network performance using cellular parameters
such as number of channels, received signal strength, propagation loss, call blocks, hand off failures.
Analyzed their effect on system utilization and Grade of Service and produced a statistic report on call drops, successful calls,
successful hand-offs to understand system reliability.

UDP based Client-Server application using Java Socket Programming


(November 2015)
Developed a networking application in Java consisting of a transmitter and a receiver that can ensure reliable data transfer and
cryptographic authentication on top of UDP’s unreliable communication services using RC4 algorithm and socket programming.

Image Stitching for Situation Awareness in Battle Management System




(June 2013 –May 2014)

Implemented and compared two Image Stitching algorithms SIFT and SURF using MATLAB which compensated critical
disadvantages of RADAR, LINAR such as jamming, interference.
The project demonstrated a seamless connection using feature extraction, feature matching with two or more images having
common overlapping part to get a higher resolution and 360 degree panoramic image.
Won 2nd prize in the IET (Institute of Engineering and Technology) project competition out of 40 teams.

RELATED COURSEWORK
Networks and Protocols
● Computer Networks
●

Interactive Programming in Python
● System Programming and Operating Systems
●

● Digital Communications
● Computer Architecture

\n
Kevin Gough

7310 Dickinson Ave – College Park, MD 20740 -- (410) 564-7906 -- kmgough94@gmail.com



UMD Undergraduate– Spring 2017

Communication: Public Relations 

Position Sought – Corporate Functional Analyst

______________________________________________________________________________

Experience

University of Maryland School of Communication

Bachelor degree: Spring 2017

Public Relations Track

News writing (Newsletters, Press Kits, Fact Sheets)

Business Writing (Memos, Proposals, Letters)

Job Experience

Server at Houlihan’s in Columbia (March 2013-ongoing)

Elkridge, MD (410) 782-6016

Responsible for:

Communicating guest needs

Food preparation and completion 

Day-to-Day restaurant upkeep 

Canvasser at Pinnacle Energy (Sept 2012-March 2013)

*Elkridge location closed, for records call White Marsh (410) 412-3307

Responsible for:

Door-to-door marketing of home improvement

Customer enrollment

Identification of potential customers

Sales Associate at Hollister Co. (Aug 2011-Sept 2012)

Columbia, MD (410) 964-0395

Responsible for:

Stocking, cleaning and monetary duties

Customer communication

Participation in promotional events

Additional Skills:

Public Speaking

Social Media content creation

Twitter, Facebook, Instagram

Adobe Workshop expertise 

InDesign

Photoshop

Illustrator\n
MARIEM YAHA
3711 Campus Drive Apt 257
College Park, Maryland, 20740

202-460-7728
mariemyaha@gmail.com

EDUCATION
Bachelor’s of Science, Information Systems and Operations Management - Business Analytics
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD

Anticipated May 2017

Information Technology and Business Transformation Fellows
Overall GPA: 3.2
Major GPA: 3.5
Intended Associate’s of Arts, International Business
Montgomery College, Takoma Park, MD
Overall GPA: 3.93

January 2013 – June 2014

RELATED EXPERIENCE
Internal Audit Intern, IT Audit Section
Dubai Ports World, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
August 2016
• Performed and documented testing on 3 new systems to be implemented by the company
• Assisted in the testing of IT General Controls for in-house systems
• Attended and documented meetings with the IT department related to the in-house systems
Business Intern
Dubai Trade, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
July 2016
• Attended a one week training on the Certified Trade and Logistics Professionals and received a score of 100% on the exam
• Assisted the company’s business analyst in reviewing a Business Reference Model for a new invoice and payment system
• Reviewed process flowcharts for two new systems to be implemented
Market and Business Analytics Intern
Natakallam
March 2016 – August 2016
• Conducted research and analyzed company’s data to help them make better business decisions
• Analyzed company’s marketing tools and produced bi-weekly reports on the current trends
ORGANIZATIONS
VP of Marketing
Business and IT Society, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
• Send out a weekly newsletter informing members about the club’s events and competitions
• Create flyers for the club’s events
• Promote the events around campus and in classes
President
International Student Union, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
• Organized events and sessions that help international students as they transition to life in Maryland
• Completed budget applications and led fundraising events

January 2016 - Present

August 2015 – August 2016

CONFERENCES
Panel Presenter in the “Social Justice” Category
Beacon Conference, Stone Ridge, NY
June 2014
• Paper titled “The Economic Contributions and Limits of Artisanal and Small-Scale Mining in Sub-Saharan Africa”
Panel Presenter in the “Thinking About Economic Change” Category
Maryland Collegiate Honors Council, Westminster, MD
February 2014
• Paper titled “The Economic Contributions and Limits of Artisanal and Small-Scale Mining in Sub-Saharan Africa”
AWARDS
Student Academic Excellence Award, Montgomery College, May 2014
Economics Honors Award, Montgomery College, May 2014

Dean’s List, Montgomery College, all semesters attended
Dean’s List, University of Maryland, Spring 2016

CERTIFICATIONS
• Certified Trade and Logistics Professional (score of 100%), Dubai Trade
• Google Adwords Certification

July 2016
March 2016

SKILLS
• Languages: Fluent in French, Arabic, and English, proficient in Spanish
• Computer: Microsoft Office, Visible Analyst, Microsoft SQL, Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Arena, Excel with Solver

\n
Wenqi Yang
9122 Baltimore Ave  College Park, MD 20740  857-9287314  wenqi.yang@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems
Boston University Questrom School of Business, Boston, MA
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
 Dual concentration in Finance and Information System

December 2017
2016

Technical Skills:
Languages: SQL, Python, HTML, Django
Tools: Agile, MS Project, Weka, Access, Swimlane Model, Tableau, Palisades Risk & Decision Analysis Tool
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
KONE Elevators & Escalators Corporation, Shanghai, China
2015
(One of the top three Global leaders in the elevator and escalator industry)
Finance Services Section, cost accountant
 Negotiated with 12 suppliers in terms of pricing, quantity, and time of delivery based on information provided by
sales department; collaborated with accounting department to document daily raw material expenditure
 Analyzed sales reports of Shanghai branch in comparison to 6 other major city branches to understand customer
distribution and major driving factors of revenue. Collaborated with marketing department to evaluate possible
improvement to efficiency
 Created semi-annual reports with a team of 10 for company’s semi-annual conference in Shanghai. Utilized slideshow
and financial analysis reports to demonstrate company’s performance among 1342 employees
Noah Private Wealth Management, Chengdu, China
2014
(Leading wealth and asset management services provider with a focus on global service for high net worth individuals and
enterprises in China)
Financial director Assistant
 Conducted 30 interviews with existing and prospecting new clients through phone calls, emails, and in person to gain
a better understanding of customer’s investment preference and risk tolerance
 Built one Microsoft Project critical path schedules for company’s real estate investment project to delegate workload
assignment, track project progress, and forecast expense
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Product Development Project
2014
 Led a team of 10 to design a new product based on market research and interviews with customers and retailors in
office supply and home furniture industry
 Negotiated raw material price with 15 suppliers on Alibaba, and achieved 13% price drop per unit; demonstrated a
make or buy analysis on two major components of product
 Initiated a 50- p a g e product development business plan and delivered four presentations to class of 40 about
future financial performance and potential business opportunities
SQL & Salesforce Project – US Master Program Ranking Software
2016
 Leading 5 people team to building up university master program ranking data (2013 – 2016) from scratch and
implements into SQL database
 Integrated SQL database into salesforce developer version, and designed user-friendly front-end interface allowing
customer searching for program ranking data

\n
Sreedhar Vasomsetti

Phone: (316) 350-4530  Email: svasomsetti@gmail.com

WEBLOGIC ADMINISTRATOR



5+ years of Administration, development and support experience in WebLogic Servers.

Extensive experience in Installing, Configuring, Tuning and Troubleshooting of Weblogic Server 10.x/11g/12c in environments like UNIX, Red Hat Linux. 

Extensive experience on Network Inventory and provisioning system using various releases of Cramer/OSS application. 

Expertise in implementation of various modules of Amdocs OSS/Cramer products. 

Experience in framework writing to have quick and easy implantation of customization on OSS. 

Provided 24x7 on call support in production environment. 

Experience in configuring Node Manager to start and stop managed servers from admin console.

Deployed various WAR, JAR, EAR and J2EE applications on managed servers and in clustered environment using Console/ Auto deploying scripts in stage and production modes. 

Configured and administered JDBC Connection pools and JMS Connection Factories and implemented other services like JTA, JNDI, Virtual Hosting and SNMP. 

Excellent working knowledge in finding Memory Leaks and adjusting JVM Heap size and Garbage Collection parameters during performance monitoring and performance tuning of WebLogic server. 

Implementing Security Services under various realms of WebLogic Server.

Expertise in design and development of Cramer Inventory Management Component (Resource Manager), Cramer Metadata Manager (Configurator), Cramer Design Automation Component (Task Engine), Cramer Inventory Synchronization Component (Sync Engine), Interfaces and Apapters.

Hands on experience on administrative tools like Administration Console, WLST and Command line interface.

Design and build metadata repository for Network Devices featuring Cards, Circuits, and Shells etc.

Configured and managed secure environments like SSL and Digital Certificates. 

Experience with SAML authentication integration into web services. 

Experience in creating and running cronjobs for scheduled jobs.

Configuration of JDBC connections and data sources with Oracle Database server 9i/10g/11g. 

Excellent Database knowledge in SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle and MS SQL Server.

Experience in writing sequel queries and APIs

Experience in writing and tuning SQL and PL/SQL stored procedures.

Proficient in Database design and coding database objects that include Tables, Triggers, Stored Procedures, Functions, Indexes and Sequences.

Well versed in writing WLST, ANT, Jython, PERL and UNIX shell scripts; and implementing auto deployment process.

Installed and configured Wily agent, Wily enterprise manager and Introscope Workstation and provide application monitoring and measurement using Wily Introscope.

Provided guidelines, standards and mentoring to WebLogic based application deployment and development architecture and integration strategy. 

Strong communication and interpersonal skills. 





TECHNOLOGY SUMMARY





Programming Languages:

C, C++, Java/J2EE, Visual Basic, SQL, MY-SQL, PL-SQL

Operating Systems:

UNIX, Solaris, Red Hat LINUX, Windows (all)

Middleware:

BEA WebLogic Application Server 9.x/10.x/11g/12c, WebLogic Portal10.3.x, Apache-HTTP Server 2.0/2.2/2.4

J2EE Technologies:

Servlets, JSP, JDBC, RMI, JMS, JTA, JNDI, JMX, EJB,

Web Technologies:

JDK, HTML, XML, DHTML, MSXML, LDAP

Scripting Languages:

WLST, ANT, Jython, UNIX Shell Scripting, Perl Scripting

Inventory Management Tools:

Amdocs Resource Manager, Cramer Metadata Manager, Task Engine, Sync Engine, Delivery Engine, Amdocs Network Navigator

Performance and Monitoring Tools:

Wily Introscope, JMeter, JProbe, JProfiler, F5 Load Balancer, Grinder, Samurai, JRockit Management Console, Visual VM, TDA.

IDE’s/ Utilities:

Eclipse, WebLogic Workshop, MS Visual Studio 2005, Site Minder, OAM, JBuilder, SSH, SOA, Open SSL, Putty and WLST

Database:

Oracle 9i/10g/11g, OAS, MS SQL, Server, My SQL, MS Access and DB2

Networking & Protocols:

TCP/IP, Telnet, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, SNMP, LDAP, DNS, DHCP, ARP, SSL

Other Tools:

Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Light room, MS Office



EXPERIENCE



CenturyLink, Portland OR							Jan 2012 – Till Date

WebLogic Administrator



Responsibilities:

Installed Amdocs OSS 8.2 on WebLogic 10.3 server in Linux environment. 

Created standalone, 2-node and 4-node cluster environments for high-availability and failover. 

Created and monitored multiple domains with multiple managed servers, machines, node managers and cluster environments. 

Installed, managed and configured various Cramer Modules like Cramer Inventory Management Component (Resource Manager), Cramer Metadata Manager (Configurator), Cramer Design Automation Component (Task Engine), Cramer Inventory Synchronization Component (Sync Engine), Interfaces and Adapters. 

Installed, configured and managed Amdocs Network Navigator on weblogic servers.

Created Network Inventory metadata repository and deployed it in various environments. 

Managed and Administered Amdocs Resource Manager and trouble shoot issues related to ARM GUI. 

Integrated Sync Engine module to a clustered ARM environment. 

Worked on application development/integration using technologies like WebLogic, J2EE, ANT/Maven and UNIX scripting, JMS, JSP, DB2, WebMethods, Tomcast and Autosys. 

Responsible for configuring Clusters, JMS, security enhancements, Node Manager, SSL, Administering Connection pools for JDBC connections. 

Configured and created JMS servers with various JMS modules like queues, topics, connection factories, distributed queues and distributed topics. 

Managed and monitored server instances and automation using WLST. 

Installation and renewals of Digital Certificates and configuring new WebLogic domains. 

Migrated WebLogic server applications from 10.3.6 to 12c. 

Upgraded Amdocs OSS from 8.2 to 9.3 versions. 

Configured execute threads, connection pools and JMS Bridges etc. for different components of the retailed applications. 

Used WLST for configuring, deployment and runtime environment changes. 

Responsible for performing root causes and analysis identify solutions to issues such as server crashes, hangs, and out of memory issues in various JDKs. 

Installed and configured Wily Introscope to monitor weblogic servers.

Managed and monitored JVM performance of WebLogic heap size, Garbage collection and JDBC pools. 

Responsible for Managing security by setting up security rules, manage users in the system. 

Involved in 24/7 support for production environments. 



CERTIFICATION

	Certified Oracle WebLogic 12c System Administrator. 

EDUCATION

Master’s of Science, Wichita State University, USA. 

Bachelors of Engineering, Andhra University, India. 

		Sreedhar Vasomsetti	Page 2\n
ANNETTE WILLIAMS

Candidate’s Legal Name:		Annette Williams 				

Resource Title:				Senior IA Consultant 			 

Status Citizen/Visa:			US Citizen  			

Clearance Type: 			DoD TS w/SCI eligibility, DHS EOD (Adj. 2/1/13)

Availability:				Immediately  							

Summary of Skills / Fit:	Over 10 years of experience as a Sr. Information Assurance Specialist and Senior Information Security engineer. Expertise at providing oversight and managing the facilitation of information security risk assessments and mitigation practices. Highly skilled at creating and maintaining Security Authorization Packages to include: Systems Security Plan (SSP), Contingency Plan (CP), Risk Assessment Reports (RAR), Security Assessment Reports (SAR), Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M). CAP – Certified Authorization Professional. CISSP - Certified Information System Security Professional - (in progress), MCP, MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, CCNA - Cisco Certified Network Associate



	













ANNETTE WILLIAMS

SUMMARY

Over 10 years of experience as a Sr. Information Assurance Specialist and Senior Information Security engineer

Expertise at providing oversight and managing the facilitation of information security risk assessments and mitigation practices

Proficient at conducting Assessment and Authorization (A&A) of an organization’s information systems and applications with a goal of achieving compliance

Highly skilled at creating and maintaining Security Authorization Packages to include: Systems Security Plan (SSP), Contingency Plan (CP), Risk Assessment Reports (RAR), Security Assessment Reports (SAR), Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M)

Strong experience performing continuous monitoring activities on each system, ensuring it is compliant with FISMA and the organizational requirements

Well-versed at performing security impact analysis prior to implementing changes to the information systems hardware, software, or configuration and providing system owners an analysis of impacted security controls and risk to the information systems security posture

Expertise at reviewing, interpreting, and analyzing vulnerability/compliance scans to verify and validate changes, identify weaknesses and deficiencies, and ensure intended changes to the information system are operating as intended

Proficient at recommending a plan of action to mitigate all weaknesses and vulnerabilities identified in the information system or application

Skilled at providing management with regular reports on the activities and security posture of the information systems

Successfully monitors and tracks all phases of projects and assessment, and performs QA of security packages before submission to Authorizing Official for ATO

DoD TS w/SCI eligibility, DHS EOD (Adj. 2/1/13)



CERTIFICATIONS

CAP – Certified Authorization Professional

CISSP - Certified Information System Security Professional - (in progress)

MCP, MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer

CCNA - Cisco Certified Network Associate



TECHNICAL SKILLS

CSAM

Tenable Nessus

Trusted Agent Fisma Tool (TAFT)

Resource Management System (RMS)

AppDetective



TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE

	NCI, Inc. / FCC - Federal Communications Commission, Washington, DC	10/2014 - Present

Sr. Information Assurance Specialist

As a Sr. Information Assurance Specialist, responsible for the Assessment and Authorization of all FCC’s information systems. 

Works closely with management and engineers in the planning and implementation of migrating their physical network to cloud/virtual.

Ensures security is implemented in every aspect of the development and building of the network

Ensures all connections are encrypted using FIPS 140-2 compliant protocols

Ensures all servers, routers, and switches are configured according to NIST and the agencies requirements

Requires scan be performed on all hardware/software for vulnerabilities and deficiencies, then analyzes the scans, informs management of results, and recommends plan of action and milestones for remediation

Develops all documents, including Risk Assessments (RA), System Security Plan (SSP), Contingency Plan (CP), Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M), FIPS 199, PTA, PIA, E-Authentication to obtain Authority To Operate (ATO)

Performs continuous monitoring, and provides management with reports concerning the security posture of their information systems and applications.



	Engility/Kforce, LLC, Washington, DC 	11/2013 – 08/2014

Department of Commerce - International Trade Administration (ITA)

Sr. Assurance Specialist (InfoSec)

As a Sr. Information Assurance Specialist, responsible for the assessment and certification of ITA’s Next Generation Network (NGN), Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), migration to the cloud.

Worked closely with management and engineers in the planning and implementation of migrating their physical network to cloud/virtual

Ensured all transmission were encrypted using FIPS 140-2 compliant protocols

Ensured all servers, routers, switches, checkpoints were configured using FISMA compliant and organizational required approved baselines

Performed vulnerability and compliance scanning on all devices and applications, then reviewed and analyzed scans and made recommendations to the system owner or engineers for remediation strategies to correct any deficiency

Created and updated all system security documents in reference to the security assessment package, including System Security Plan (SSP), Contingency Plan (CP), Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Security Assessment Report (SAR), Risk Assessment Report (RAR), FIPS 199, Privacy documents if required (PTA), PIA, and E-Authentication

Performed continuous monitoring of the security packages to ensure an annual re-authorization was received

Maintained all SAP documentation on SharePoint and in CSAM.

	

	Missing Link Security/Sure Secure Solutions, Alexandria, VA 	02/2013 – 09/2013

Department of Commerce - US Patent and Trade Office (USPTO)

Sr. Cyber Security Analyst

As a Sr. Security Analyst, was responsible for daily continuous monitoring of all financial systems, ensuring all security control requirements were met to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the information systems and applications.

		Prepared all Assessment and Authorization packages to include the following major deliverables: System Security Plan (SSP), Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E), Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M), and Contingency Plans (CP), Privacy Analysis (PTA), and annual system assessments

		Coordinated with the technical leads and the system owner to determine system categorization and information types using FIPS 199

		Assessed the system or application using NIST 800-53 r3 controls

		Tracked vulnerabilities and weaknesses in POA&Ms, and verified and validated all artifacts used as supporting evidence in POA&M closure

		Reviewed and monitored logs, accounts, SDLC documentation  

		Maintained a current inventory of all hardware and software assets on each system in the organization

		Maintained and updated system SDLC documentation

		Conducted Risk Assessments, ran vulnerability scans on systems using the Nessus scanning tool

		Conducted and advised in meetings with management concerning the security posture of the information systems, provided recommendations and guidance when assisting in audits or annual assessments, and provided input in mitigating weaknesses and vulnerabilities

		Maintained all system documentation and artifacts on the SharePoint repository and CSAM.



	AMDEX/Sure Secure Solutions, Alexandria, VA 	03/2012 – 01/2013

Department of Homeland Security - Customs and Border Protection

Information System Security Officer   

 Responsible for performing Assessment and Authorization (A&A) for the Customs and Border Protection (CBP) general support systems and major applications, including Virtualization Servers, UNIX Servers, and Windows Servers. Provided support for all application systems supporting SQL, Oracle, SANS in obtaining an Authorization to Operate (ATO). 

		Prepared all Assessment and Authorization packages to include the following major deliverables: System Security Plan (SSP), Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E), Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M), and Contingency Plans (CP), Privacy Analysis (PTA), and annual system assessments

		Coordinated with the Engineering team, System Owner, Certifying Agent and the CISO to determine system categorization and information types using FIPS 199 

		Assessed the system or application using NIST 800-53 r3 controls

		Verified and validated artifact for POA&M closure or control evidence

		Reviewed and monitored logs, accounts, SDLC documentation  

		Developed and maintained a current inventory of all hardware and software assets on each system in the organization

		Conducted Risk Assessments, ran vulnerability scans on systems using the Nessus scanning tool

		Tracked all weaknesses in POA&Ms until remediated

		Tracked weakness and vulnerabilities found in Nessus scans, or via security advisories or vender to apply the necessary plugins to correct or remediate the weakness

		Used the Nessus reporting tool to produce a report identifying the risk levels (High, Moderate or Low), and recommended solution for resolution

		Provided configuration management reviews prior to approving/disapproving any application coding or system configuration changes to ensure all policies and procedures were followed and vetted through the Configuration Management Board

		Ensured that proposed changes did not adversely affect or impact the security posture of the information system negatively

		Ensured all documents and artifacts associated with the A&A packages were complete and uploaded into Trusted Agent FISMA (TAF) Tool and RMS repositories.



	IBM/Base Technologies, Inc., Springfield, VA	12/2008 – 02/2012

Department of Homeland Security - Customs and Border Protection

Information System Security Officer (ISSO)                                         

 Responsible for performing Assessment and Authorization (A&A) for the Customs and Border Protection (CBP) general support systems and major applications, including Virtualization Servers, UNIX Servers, Windows Servers.

Provided support for all application systems supporting SQL, Oracle, SANS to obtain an Authorization to Operate (ATO) for the systems

Performed Assessment and Authorization (A&A) for the Customs and Border Protection (CBP) general support systems and major applications, including Virtualization Servers, UNIX Servers, and Windows Servers

Provided support for all application systems supporting SQL, Oracle, SANS to obtain an Authorization to Operate (ATO)

		Prepared all Assessment and Authorization packages to include the following major deliverables: System Security Plan (SSP), Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E), Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M), and Contingency Plans (CP), Privacy Analysis (PTA), and annual system assessments

		Coordinated with the Engineering team, System Owner, Certifying Agent, and the CISO to determine system categorization and information types using FIPS 199  

		Assessed the system or application using NIST 800-53 r3 controls

		Verified and validated artifact for POA&M closure or control evidence

		Reviewed and monitored logs, accounts, SDLC documentation  

		Developed and maintained a current inventory of all hardware and software assets on each system in the organization

		Conducted Risk Assessments, ran vulnerability scans on systems using the Nessus scanning tool

		Tracked all weaknesses in POA&Ms until remediated

		Tracked weakness and vulnerabilities found in Nessus scans, or via security advisories or vender to apply the necessary plugins to correct or remediate the weakness

		Used the Nessus reporting tool to produce a report identifying the risk levels (High, Moderate or Low), and recommended solution for resolution

		Provided configuration management reviews prior to approving/disapproving any application coding or system configuration changes to ensure all policies and procedures were followed and vetted through the Configuration Management Board

		Ensured that proposed changes did not adversely affect or impact the security posture of the information system negatively

		Ensured all documents, artifacts associated with the A&A packages were complete and uploaded into Trusted Agent FISMA (TAF) Tool and RMS repositories.

	

	Bearing Point, Inc., Suitland, MD	09/2008 – 12/2008

US Bureau of Census

Sr. Information Assurance Consultant (ISSO) 

As an ISSO, performed C&A for multiple Major Applications (MA) and General Support Systems (GSS). 

Performed the C&A process on all systems and applications using the NIST 800-37 guidelines; after completing C&A package and obtaining an ATO, continuous monitoring was performed

Performed monthly scanning, reviewed and analyzed scans, made recommendations to the system owners on solutions to remediate and correct the weaknesses

Provided briefings and presentations to management on the overall security posture of the organization’s information systems, and recommended resolutions to implement the necessary security controls to protect the applications and/or information systems

Managed a team of security engineers ensure to all necessary patching was implemented

Maintained and uploaded all documentation to the organization’s repository Trusted Agent FISMA Tool (TAFT) and RMS.









	Kforce/STG, Inc., Reston, VA                                                                                                  10/2007 – 08/2008

Department of Veterans Affairs

Sr. Network Security Engineer

 Performed the Certification and Accreditation of the organization’s general support systems and major applications

Developed, reviewed, and updated all system documentation relative to the C&A process

Performed testing and verification of all security controls to determine their effectiveness, and verified they were protecting the information systems and applications as intended

Performed scans of the information systems, analyzed scans, and made recommendations to management for remediation of weaknesses found

Created presentations for management detailing the security posture of the information systems and applications

Performed continuous reviews and updates to the System Security Plans, Contingency Plan, POA&Ms, and all documentation was maintained on the organizations SharePoint repository.  

 

	Lockheed Martin / DCR, Washington, DC	07/2005 – 102007

Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)

Sr. Network Engineer/Security Engineer

Performed Certification and Accreditation for all of FAA’s Major Applications and General Systems using FISMA guidelines. Assessments were administered following the NIST 800-37 C&A process and assessing the information systems following the 800-53A, as well as FIPS199 for system categorization.

Maintained a close working relationship with the Business/System Owner

Updated and verified information relevant to compiling the authorization package to ATO

Reviewed scan results and findings to determine all areas of system vulnerabilities, sensitivity levels, and overall exposure to threats and weaknesses

Developed POA&M reports from findings and recommended corrective actions to System Owners for remediation

Assessments were completed using the following guidelines: FIPS 199, NIST 800-53rev3, 800-53A, 800-37, 800-30, 800-34.



	Siemens Government Services, Washington, DC	10/1999 – 06/2005

Department of Homeland Security - Immigrations and Customs Enforcement

Sr. Network Engineer

As Sr. Network Engineer, worked as a Team Lead to configure, troubleshooting, and monitor the Department of Homeland Security (ICE) WAN/LAN

onfigured, installed, troubleshot, and resolved all WAN connectivity issues to ensure network stayed operational

Configured interfaces using the following protocols: TCP/IP, frame-relay, ATM, RIP, OSPF on T1, T3, ISDN circuits

Used monitoring tools, HP Openview, Cisco Works, ProactiveNet to improve network performance issues

Worked on LAN configuring and troubleshot servers, workstations, laptops, printers, hubs, and ensured LAN stayed operational; WAN/LAN consisted of 2500 nodes and approximately 20,000 users

Configured, troubleshot Cisco 7200, 2600, 2500 routers and Catalyst switches

Troubleshot servers in Windows/Novell LAN/WAN environment

Troubleshot, resolved connectivity issues with Telco’s T1, T3, OC3/12, ISDN, Frame Relay, ATM, circuits

Monitored network using Enterprise Tools; HP Openview, and CiscoWorks

Used Remedy problems tracking system to track all problems

Served as a Team Lead for Change Management Group

Responsible for IOS upgrades and password recovery on Cisco routers/switches

Managed Vlan, spanning tree, port security to ensure network security is effective

Acted as Administrator for Novell Netware and Windows NT/2003 servers, and for Exchange Mail servers

Remotely troubleshot routers, switches, and servers

Made recommendations for corrective measures for improvement of network performance

Configured DNS, WINS and proxies for connectivity of users to Internet

Installed server patches/upgrades

Created/deleted user accounts, profiles, groups, mail

Administrator for Proactive Net Tools and HP Openview.



	Getronics Government Solutions, LLC, Washington, DC 	06/1997 – 09/1999

Department of Commerce

Sr. Systems Analyst

Responsible for the configuration and management of the network routers, switches, and servers connecting to the Dept. of Commerce LAN/WAN. Duties included the migration of Banyan Vines to Windows NT installation, configuration of Windows NT, Banyan Vines servers.

Performed work as a Network Administrator for Windows NT, Banyan Vines, and Lotus Notes

Added/deleted user accounts and mail accounts, managed profiles, installed print servers, configured PCs, laptops, and servers

Performed backup/recovery of all files and data

Added/deleted and managed user accounts and profiles

Created and managed mail accounts

Ghosted workstations, transferred and reconfigured all users for migration

Managed over 1100 node network with 15000 users

Installed NIC cards, printers, workstations, servers.

 

	Department of the Army, Washington, DC	09/1980 – 09/1997

Director of Information Management

Computer Specialist

Responsible for the design, planning, and architecture of the Cabletron/Cisco based network using Banyan Vines and Windows NT servers

Provided support as Network Administrator, managed user accounts, mail accounts, and installed and inventoried all network applications and licenses

Troubleshot all network LAN/WAN problems with routers, servers, hubs, switches, cables, and software

Conducted site surveys for upcoming LAN connectivity to the ordering of the equipment, coordinated circuit installation with the Telco, and installed PCs until customer was operational

	

	Technical Environment: Cisco routers/switches, hubs, csu/ds, Windows NT/2000, Novell Netware servers, TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, ATM, Frame Relay, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP, T1, T3, ISDN, OC3/12, Ethernet, Fast Ethernet, Cisco Works, Remedy, HP Openview, Proactive Net Tools





Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Annette Williams	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 5 of 9\n
JOHN PARK
14526 Good Hope Rd, Silver Spring, MD 20905
(301) 919 2537
jpark134@terpmail.umd.edu
EDUCATION
B.S., Computer Engineering
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
James A. Clark School of Engineering
Honors College
Entrepreneurship and Innovation Program

Expected May 2020
GPA: 3.981
Sept. 2016 – May 2020
Citation Expected May 2018

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
Silver Chips Online, Technical Director.
Sept. 2014 – May 2016
• Lead the technical staff for the Montgomery Blair online newspaper. Ensured writers, editors, and photo
staff received requested features for the website. Wrote code using PHP and utilized MySQL
• Won the Columbia Scholastic Press Association 2016 Gold Crown Finalist Award
Kollander Associates, intern.
June 2015 – Aug. 2015
• Developed JAVA programs to analyze monthly temperatures of the regions in the contiguous United States
• Worked with findings and data given from members of the American Statistical Association
University of Maryland Dept. Aerospace Engineering, intern.
June 2014 – July 2014
• Operated transmission electron microscopes to evaluate different metal materials with sub nanometer
resolution.
• Had research results presented in the Material Science & Technology 2014 Conference in Pittsburg, PA
INTERESTS / ACTIVITIES
Engineering Student Council
• Currently running for treasurer of ESC

Sept. 2016 – Present

Engineers Without Borders

Sept. 2016 – Present

MBHS Smart Phone Programming Club

Sept. 2013 – May 2016

AWARDS
Banneker Key Scholar
• Four-year scholarship to the University of Maryland

Aug. 2016 – May 2020

Herbert Rabin Endowed Scholarship in Engineering
Aug. 2016 – May 2020
• Provides full four-year scholarship when coupled with the Banneker Key scholarship. Given to one to two
freshmen every year.
Honorable Mention for ExploraVision Research Competition
Mar. 2014
Maryland General Assembly Official Citation

Oct. 2014

Gold President’s Volunteer Service Award

Oct. 2011

SKILLS
Languages: JAVA, HTML, CSS, PHP, STELLA, TruBasic
Applications: MATLAB, Autodesk Inventor, Mathematica, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Fluent in Korean

\n
Ishan Goradia
4316 Rowalt Drive #101

College Park, MD 20740

(240) 330-5904

ishan.goradia@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
2016
Master of Science in Information Systems; GPA: 3.6/4
Relevant Coursework: Data Mining, Project Management, Big Data, Business Process Analysis, Data Models and Decisions
Dwarkadas J. Sanghvi College of Engineering, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Focus Area: Computer Engineering

2015

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
FactGem, College Park, MD
Data Analyst Intern



Integrated Cypher queries in RStudio to extract transaction and customer data from graphical Neo4j database in order to gain
valuable insights through affinity analysis and data visualization.
Assisting the lead data scientist with performing the basket analysis using Cypher, and developed R scripts to speed up some
of the processing of the application.

Airpay Payment Services, Mumbai, India
Data Analyst Intern




May 2016 - Ongoing

2014

Gathered data by applying mining and filtering techniques on online sources and contributed to the expansion of existing
databases of the firm’s potential customers.
Interacted with a potential client and helped devise an innovative solution to increase their efficiency, thereby facilitating the
client signing on with the firm.

ACADEMIC EXPERIENCE
Predictive analysis of relationship between quality ranking of wine & its chemical properties




Utilized variable selection methods and developed predictive models using logistic regression, classification trees, and random
forest to accurately predict the quality of wine from examining the wine’s chemical properties with a 90% sensitivity rate.
Deep-dived into the data to create analyses and visualizations to draw insights and key metrics useful for decision-making.

Amazon Fine Food Reviews








2015

Developed a set of variables using Microsoft Excel and used variable transformation in a regression model to obtain the best
available choices from the given statistical data set.
Received extra credit for developing a model with high accuracy and low error rate when compared to actual results.

Database Management System for a Housing Community



2016

Curating and organizing big data spanning a period of 10 years and over 500,000 entries along with loading & managing it on
a Hadoop cluster using Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Analyzing the data by segments through the use of Pig & Hive to find seasonal patterns in the reviews, classifying reviewers’
nature based on tone & language, and building a prediction model using Spark to predict the sentiment of the reviews.

Regression-based analysis for predicting best diamond



2016

2015

Designed and developed an interactive database application for a housing community by creating a relational database that
manages resident details, their leases, payments and maintenance vendors.
Created and modified various Extract, Transform, Load SQL scripts to query the transactional database built with MS SQL
Server to display the result using HTML and PHP on a webpage.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION





Technical Skills: R, Cypher, Neo4j, SQL, Python, MS Excel, MS SQL Server, MS Project, Stat Tools, R Studio, Hadoop,
Amazon Web Services (AWS), Agile/SCRUM software development methodology.
Certification: Ethical Hacking & Information Security course, R Analytics certificate program.
Headed the event management team for college chapter of Computer Society of India (CSI); mentored and delegated
responsibilities to 20 volunteers for organizing workshops in college.

\n
Enidhat  Chett

enidhatchett@gmailway.com 

7326239047

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

10 years of IT experience in the Analysis, design, testing and Implementation of Business Intelligence solutions using Data Warehouse/Data Mart Design, ETL, OLAP, Client/Server applications.

Experienced in all phases of Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), including requirements analysis/design, development and testing.

Experience in end-to-end tasks in different SDLC AGILE, Iterative and Waterfall for project testing methodologies

Good Experience in QA Methodology and Validations to ensure industry standards.

Extensive experience in the ETL testing, manual testing and Business Intelligence Applications.

Proficient experience in different Databases like Oracle, SQL Server, DB2 and Teradata.

Experienced in running SQL queries using Toad, SQL Navigator and SQL Server.

Extensive testing ETL experience using Informatica 8.6/8.1/7.1/6.2/5. IBM DataStage 9/8.1, SSIS

Proficient experience with SQL Server and MSBI tools like SSIS, SSRS, and SSAS. Process all of the big data that is collected in a batch environment

3 Years Proven Hands-on Experience with MDM (Master Data Management) Toolset.Involved in Security testing for different LDAP roles. 

Experience in using Automation Tools: Quick Test Professional, HP ALM/Quality Center

Worked on various Operating Systems which include Windows 95/98/2000/NT/XP and Linux (RedHat), UNIX (Sun Solaris 9.0/8.0/7.0, IBM AIX, HP UX 11i v1.5/1.6/2.0).

Created Reports using MicroStrategy, Crystal Reports & Business Objects.

Oversee test data setup approach for complex ETL and metadata testing.

Provided guidance to QA/data analysts on test approach for complex ETL, metadata and Cognos report 

Experienced in Black Box, and White Box Testing of Database and Web applications.

Experienced doing traceability matrixes, test reports, test scripting, automation.

Experienced in executing UNIX commands and Korn Shells.

Good Experience in Python, PERL, UNIX Shell Scripting.

Experience with programming technologies like C, C++, Visual Basic, ASP, .NET, HTML and SQL. 

Strong working experience on data warehousing applications, directly responsible for the Extraction, Transformation and Loading of data from multiple sources into Data Warehouse.

Experienced in Performance Tuning of sources, targets, mappings and sessions.

Strong in Troubleshooting/Problem Solving skills.

Excellent Analytical, Communication skills and Leadership qualities working in a team.

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

OPERATING SYSTEMS Windows XP,NT/95/2000, Sun Solaris 2.6/2.7 ,Linux 6.X/7.X/8.X

LANGUAGES KNOWN	C, PL/SQL 8.x/2.x, SQL*Plus, SAS, .NET

RDBMS	Oracle 7.X/8.X/9.X/10g, Teradata, MS SQL Server 6.5/7.0/2000, MS Access 7.0/’97/2000, SQL Server 11.x/12.0

SCRIPTING LANGUAGES	VB Script, Java Script

TECHNOLOGIES	Active X, OLEDB, and ODBC

WEB SERVERS	Java WebServer2.0, Netscape Enterprise Server, Web Logic 6.0.

DATAMODELLING TOOLS	Erwin 3.5.1/4.x, Designer 2000

DATAWAREHOUSING	Informatica PowerCenter / Powermart 8.1/7.1/6.1/5.1 ETL, Ab Initio, (GDE 1.15, Co>Op 2.14), Data Mining, DataMart, SQL*Loader, TOAD 7.5.2, DataFlux.

BI Tools	Business Objects XIR3, Cognos 8.0 Series

  

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

 

JPMC, NYC, NY	                                                                 (January 2017 – Till Date)

Sr. QA Lead Tester



Responsibilities: 

Involved in Business analysis and requirements gathering.

Written SQL queries to extract, manipulate, and/or calculate information to fulfill data and reporting

Requirements including identifying the tables and columns from which data is extracted

Tested various data mapping requirements.

Worked in Capital Market, Equipment Finance and Wholesale Market Division. Wrote Macros for finding occurrence of a word in Word Document, PDF.

Automated the Daily Defect Status Reporting Process Using VB Macro.

Extensively involved in testing the ETL process of data sources, PeopleSoft, Teradata, SQL Server,

Oracle, flat files into the target Teradata, Oracle database as per the data models.

Experienced using database query and integration tools such as SSIS, TOAD, and SQL Plus etc.

Involved in testing SSIS Packages, and in Data Migration.

Tested SSIS packages according to business requirements and data mapping requirement documents.

Obtained detailed understanding of data sources, Flat files &amp; Complex Data Schemas in order to write Best test script

Extensively ran the Ab Initio graphs, monitored the log files and involved in find the root cause of the failures.

Responsible in testing Initial and daily loads of ETL jobs.

Interacted with design team to decide on the various dimensions and facts to test the application. 

Tested &amp; developed the mapping for extracting, cleansing, transforming, integrating and; loading data usingAutosys.

Updates the status of old defects and logs any new defects in HP ALM.

Experienced in data analysis using SQL, TSQL, PL/SQL and many other queries based applications.

Involved in extensive DATA validation using SQL queries and back-end testing

Reported bugs and tracked defects using ALM.

Extensively used SQL to verify and validate the data loaded into Target.

Testing, making sure that the correct data for a specific report are being pulled out from the Data Warehouse.

Performed the tests in both the SIT, QA and contingency/backup environments

Used SQL for querying the database for data validation, data verification and data conditioning.

Writing the test scripts, test cases &amp; test plan for multiple ETL Feeds.

Submitted weekly bug or issue report updates to the Project Manager in the form of the QA Error Log.

Involving in Functional testing, Backend Testing, End to End testing and Regression Testing

Involved in Preparing and supporting the QA test environments

Load new or modified data into back-end database.

Defect Triage with Development team & Involved in peer review of test cases.

Verified Hot Docs Templates for Data Validation in the Templates using Mapping Sheet.

Supported Automation Team for Day to Day activity



Environment: Siebel CRM, ISM, SQL Server 2011, SQL Server Management studio, HP-ALM, VBA-Macros, Selenium, Hot-Docs, Siebel Row, Sales-Force.

 

Apollo Group, Phoenix, AZ		                                                (January 2016 – December 2016)

Lead QA Engineer



Responsibilities: 

Developed Mapping’s in Aginity Management workbench for loading data into corresponding sources 

Developed Attributes in Attribute workbench for loading the data using Mapping rules 

Published using Publication wizard of Aginity Amp the data to test the data against Tables present in staging 

Performed Functional Testing and Back-end Testing using the database comparable results.

Created, Load new or modified data into back-end Netezza database.

Involved in double programming and QC check of the programs written by fellow programmers.

Created Tables, Graphs and Listings for clinical study.

Extensively used SQL programming in backend and front-end functions, procedures, packages to implement business rules and security

Created IBM Unica Campaigns flat files for providing to the vendor for there campaign generation

Created Tivoli jobs, Job Stream & Ran them for orchestration of data loads using Shell script

Developed Json file that creates SQL files which loads data by using the sql generated by Aginity AMP

Developed shell Script to load text files present in Unix box into corresponding database

Developed Cognos reports as per the Organization standards and tested them

Developed tableau reports to ensure availability of Campaigning data to meet the Needs of IBM Unica Campaign

Developed shell script that loads into Netezza tables present using publication present in Aginity AMP

Designed & Created Mapping documents based on the Business requirements (Also referred Source to Target Detailed mapping document & Transformation rules document).

Enhancing the QTP scripts by doing unit testing on the scripts before creating scenario based tests in Test-Lab Module of Quality Center.

Developed and Performed execution of Test Scripts to show how many records are passed or fail 

Loaded data into Netezza tables from various data sources like Netezza, SQL Server, Oracle, flat files by creating Informatica Mappings

Assisted in creating fact and dimension table implementation in Star Schema model based on requirements.

Created ETL test data for all ETL mapping rules to test the functionality data 

Wrote complex SQL scripts using inner joins, Cross joins and outer joins and sub queries

Create Test scripts by using T-SQL. Programming elements include control-of-flow techniques, local and global variables, functions, and error handling techniques

Participated in the release control process (when the application is transferred from the build team to the test team) to ensure that solutions meet business requirements

Participated in the PI Planning Quantitative Metrics (to get an idea of the business value gained during Previous PI)

Sprint Demo with Business Users (A demo to review everything completed during the sprint)

Extensively executed T-SQL queries in order to view successful transactions of data and for validating data in SQL Server Database

Validating the Cognos reporting objects in the reporter against the design specification document.

Strong Knowledge in protocols like SSH and SCP and tested the application in Unix Environment

Tested the dimensional cubes developed by SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and queried the data using SQL Server Management studio(SSMS) 

Did Data Modeling testing for source identification, data collection, data transformation, rule administration, data consolidation and data reconciliation.

Developed SQL to identify the deltas of daily loads

Identifying field and data defects with required information in ETL process in various mappings and one to one mapping. 

Verified all the Data load processes developed for fetching data from Big Data system to the Enterprise Data warehouse using SQL queries.

Performed data validation on the flat files that were generated in UNIX and Netezza environment using UNIX and SQL * Loader commands as necessary

Defects identified in testing environment where communicated to the developers using defect tracking tool Mercury Test

Reported the defects / bug in Jira tickets and documented the report.

Checked the reports for any naming inconsistencies and to improve user readability. 

 

Environment: Aginity Amp Pure Analytics, Netezza Release 7.2.1.1, Unix, Putty, Tivoli, Informatica, Confluence, Jira, Agile, IBM Cognos 10, IBM Unica Campaign, Hadoop Hive, SQL Server, Oracle, Mobaxterm, Tableau

 



Defined Logic, St Redbank NJ 		                                 (January 2015 – November 2015)

Sr. BIG Data ETL QA Lead



Responsibilities:  

Designed & Created Mapping documents based on the Business requirements (Also referred Source to Target Detailed mapping document & Transformation rules document).

Developed a python script to generate TSV file that shows number of columns are null and number of duplicate records at table level 

Developed python scripts to execute database SQL queries and scheduled them in Jenkins jobs to show Status of test case

Created Jenkin jobs to run scheduled python scripts that has complex SQL queries for data verification

Developed shell Script to load text files present in Unix box into corresponding database

Developed tableau reports as per the Organization standards and tested them

Developed shell script in cron job to report disk space usage of Unix server

Developed tableau reports to ensure availability of data in all the table of Vertica to meet UAT needs

Developed shell script that loads into oracle database present in UNIX box for reconciling source data

Interacting with senior peers or subject matter experts to learn more about the requirements. Involved in the preparation of Test Strategy & Test Cases 

Actively involved in Functional Testing, Regression Testing.

Developed and Performed execution of Test Scripts to show how many records are passed or fail 

Transformed data from various data sources like Netezza, DB2, Oracle, flat files using OLE DB connection by creating various SSIS packages

Created ETL test data for all ETL mapping rules to test the functionality data 

Developed complex SQL scripts using inner joins and outer joins and sub queries

Create Test scripts by using T-SQL. Programming elements include control-of-flow techniques, local and global variables, functions, and error handling techniques

Participated in the release control process (when the application is transferred from the build team to the test team) to ensure that solutions meet business requirements

Extensively executed T-SQL queries in order to view successful transactions of data and for validating data in Sql Server Database

Strong Knowledge in protocols like SSH and SCP and tested the application in Unix Environment

Used Sqoop to transfer data from oracle into Hadoop HDFS as well exporting data from Hadoop HDFS file to RDBMS

Identifying field and data defects with required information in ETL process in various mappings and one to one mapping. 

Tested all the ETL processes developed for fetching data from Hadoop Hive system to the target Data warehouse Oracle using complex SQL queries.

Performed data validation on the flat files that were generated in UNIX and Hadoop environment using UNIX and Hadoop fs commands as necessary

Analyzed business requirements, wrote and implemented the Test Plan, various Test cases and Test Scripts in VBScript to test various functionalities using the automated tool QTP and also wrote manual Test Cases according to functional documents and requirements.

 Testing Hadoop HBase provisioning on VMware virtualized platform 

Tested Beacons that generated from chrome at Data Enterprise integration with Hadoop. Verifying fill forward methodology for records that are not part of daily load

Created Adhoc reports for testing necessities against report database. Reported the defects / bug in Jira tickets and documented the report.

Written Test Cases for ETL to compare Source and Target database systems.

 

Environment: Agile, WinSCP, Oracle 10g, Flat files, TOAD, Aqua Studio, V-SQL, TFS, Jira, UNIX, SSH, UNIX Shell Script ,Python, Vertica ,Netezza, SQL server, Oracle ,Source Tree, Git Hub, Query Surge, Beackoning, Source Tree, informatica, Glitch, Hive, Tableau, ApacheAnt, Mobaxterm, pyunit, AquaStudio, Beyond Compare, Winmerge, Hadoop Hive, Tidal, Cronjob, Jenkins, splunk

 

Mercury Insurance, Brea, CA 		                                                       (Feb 2014 – October 2014)

Sr. Consultant



Responsibilities: 

Designed & Created Test Cases based on the Business requirements (Also referred Source to Target Detailed mapping document & Transformation rules document).

Written Test Cases for ETL to compare Source and Target database systems.

Interacting with senior peers or subject matter experts to learn more about the requirements 

Involved in the preparation of Test Strategy & Test Cases in HP ALM

Prepared the traceability matrices to fill the gap between the requirements and the test cases covered.

Actively involved in Functional Testing, Regression Testing.Executed all the Test Cases in HP ALM with Pass/Fail/Blocked status

Developed and Performed execution of Test Scripts manually to verify the expected results

Transformed data from various data sources like Netezza, DB2, Oracle, flat files using OLE DB connection by creating various SSIS packages

Created ETL test data for all ETL mapping rules to test the functionality of the SSIS Packages

Developed complex SQL scripts using inner joins and outer joins and sub queries

Create Test scripts by using T-SQL. Programming elements include control-of-flow techniques, local and global variables, functions, and error handling techniques

Extensively executed T-SQL queries in order to view successful transactions of data and for validating data in SQL Server Database

Worked with SSIS system variable, passing variables between packages.Executed SSIS Packages and verified the results. 

Verified SSIS Package configuration and variables and various SSIS transformations developed.

Tested Complex ETL SSIS Packages and Sessions based on business user requirements and business rules to load data from different source

Tested the dimensional cubes developed by SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and queried the data using SQL Server Management studio(SSMS) 

Identifying field and data defects with required information in ETL process in various mappings and one to one mapping. 

Identifying duplicate records in the staging area before data gets processed.

Verifying fill forward methodology for records that are not part of daily load

Altered SSRS parameters to create Adhoc reports for testing necessities against report database

Validated SSRS reports to ensure UAT needs

Tested the reports generated by SQL Server reporting services and checked as they are as per the Organization standards

Reported the defects in TFS & HP ALM and documented the report.



Environment: SQL Server 2008 R2, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Guidewire, Talend, Netezza, Microstrategy 9.2, WinSCP, Oracle 10g, Flat files, TOAD, SQL Server Management studio(SSMS), T-SQL, TFS, HP ALM, UNIX

  

Entertainment Partners, Burbank, CA 		                                      (July 2013 – Feb 2014) Data warehouse ETL Engineer– Vista 5 

Vista 5 is an application Developed by the Entertainment partners to meet the corporate production accounting needs at the detail level for All Expenses and Budgets of Journal Entries, General Ledgers, Trial Balances and Payroll Needs Corporation units present in Entertainment Industry. This requirement is developed to found out the discrepancies for the weekly reconciliations, data integrity, and data migration of the logical set for the reports from ETL data 



Responsibilities: 

Involved in Business analysis and requirements gathering.

Tested/Found the defects in universes and reports. Used Mingle for tracking the defects.

Tested all data reports published to Web including dashboards, summarized, master-detailed and API’s.

Tested graphs for extracting, cleansing, transforming, integrating, and loading data using Data Stage ETL Tool.

Worked as ETL Tester responsible for the requirements/ETL Analysis, ETL Testing and designing of the flow and the logic for the Data warehouse project.

Responsible for providing Discrepancies of Data Reconciliation reports according to client’s requirement using MS Access.

Performed data analysis and data profiling using complex SQL on various sources systems including Oracle and Teradata.

Created and customized the Settings.xml file for the local and server configuration builds

Created Short-cut joins, aliases and contexts to make the universe loops free.

A test reporting environment was established to combine Distribution Work Management and information into a consolidated place to allow combined reports to be generated.

Deployed. ear Build’s onto QA Server from JBoss and Maven for Validation of Reports through Putty and WinSCP

Deleted/Added Permission for the users in SQL Server to access build created locally and server side

Locally Created the Build Maven with Clear Case Version for the Users to access the reports from this Build for data validation

Develop ETL test plans based on test strategy. Created and executed test cases and test scripts based on test strategy and test plans based on ETL Mapping document.

Tested and worked on creating open document reports for business.

Used various @Functions like @Prompt (for user defined queries), @Where (For creating conditional filters), and @Select for testing Business Reports with various boundary conditions.

Preparation of technical specifications and Source to Target mappings.

Extensively used SQL programming in backend and front-end functions, procedures, packages to implement business rules and security

Experienced using query tools for SQl Server to validate reports and troubleshoot data quality issues.

Solid testing experience in working with SQL Stored Procedures, triggers, views and worked with performance tuning of complex SQL queries for better performance and efficiency.

Validated format of the reports and feeds.

Effectively communicate Data Analysis and testing activities and findings in oral and written formats.

Extracted data from various sources like flat files and SQL Server.

Designing and creation of complex mappings using involving transformations such as expression, joiner, aggregator, lookup, update strategy, and filter.

Created various PL/SQL stored procedures for dropping and recreating indexes on target tables.

Worked on issues with migration from development to testing.

Deployed the builds and Reports corresponding using MVN commands on local and servers machines

Restored Databases and created backups into SQl server from backups 

Environment: Mingle, JBoss, Maven, Putty, WinSCP, Clear Case, Data Stage, MS Access, SQL Server 2008 R2, Data Stage 8.0.1, Agile/Scrum Methodologies, SAP, Eclipse, XML Files, MS Excel, ,Erwin 4.0,Unix SSH Scripting, Business objects, Connx, Linux, Business Objects

 

 

VIASAT, Carlsbad, CA 		                	                	   (March 2013 – July 2013)

Sr. QA Lead– CDC Match and Merge

The Customer Match and Merge Service in the Business Intelligence Platform is required to match and relate customers and persist the discovered matches in the warehouse.  This service is designed to meet the requirements to discover hidden activities in the Subscriber Data Mart and in addition, discover customers that have had multiple accounts with us throughout time



Responsibilities:

Wrote extensive SQL and PL/SQL scripts to test the ETL flow, Data Reconciliation, Initialization, and Change Data Capture, Delta Processing, Incremental process of Policy and Claims systems.

Developed a detailed Test Plan, Test strategy, Test Data Management Plan, Test Summary Report based on Business requirements specifications.

Tested global sources, global targets, workflows, data profiling and manage metadata.

Analysis of functional and non-functional categorized data elements for data profiling and mapping from source to target data environment. Developed working documents to support findings and assign specific tasks

Prepared a UAT Plan and set up UAT environment.

Prepared Execution procedure document format to prepare the Test cases based on mapping document.

Analyzed the Data Dictionary developed by the Systems Analyst for developing test scripts to test the Policy and Claims systems.

Implementing logical and physical data modeling with STAR schema using Erwin in Data Marts.

Extensively used Informatica PowerCenter 9.5.0 to load data sourcing from Source to Target databases.

Executing ETL – Informatica Workflows for updating test Databases from the Production servers.

Worked rigorously with developers to create test scripts in regards to the Informatica ETL.

Tested Address Activities claims data for medical and pharmacy from pharmacy ODS and flat files.

Tested workflow tasks such as session, command and decision and email.

Tested Informatica Mappings and worked on Staging area to validate the data with SQL Queries.

Tested various jobs and performed data loads and transformations using different stages of informatica and pre-built routines, functions and macros.

Wrote complex SQL queries to validate EDW data versus EDM source data including identification of duplicate records and quality of data based on Mapping/Transformation rules.

Tested the UI Interfaces such as JSP, Struts on JBOSS Server

Used various SSIS tasks such a as conditional split, Derived Column on the data retrieved, performed Data Validation Checks during staging and then loaded the data

Ran SQL queries to verify the number of records from Source to Target and validated the referential integrity, Time variance, Missing records, and Nulls/Defaults/Trim spaces rules as per the design specifications. 

Process all of the big data that is collected in a batch environment

Worked with XML feeds from multiple sources systems and loaded the same into Enterprise data warehouse

Verified correctness of data after the transformation rules were applied on source data. 

Coordinated execution of User Acceptance Testing, regression and integration testing with multiple departments.

Tested the Logos added in the Webi Reports of BO

Identified appropriate test data in relevant source systems and incorporated this data into test scripts.

Updated the status of the testing to the QA team, and accomplished tasked for the assigned work to the Project Management team regularly.

Performed Regression testing of the fixed issues in the new build until no new issues are identified.

Submitted weekly bug or issue report updates to the Project Manager in the form of the QA Error Log.

Submitted Final Test Report and required documentation for the entire project within the assigned time frame.

Prepared documentation on how to approach and validate the data in Data-warehouse

Environment: Informatica 9.5.0, OBIEE 11g, HP Quality Center 11, Oracle 10g, Erwin 4.0, XML, XSLT, UNIX, Scripting, SOAPUI, WebServices, WSDL, AutomatedUITesting, PL/SQL,

TOAD7.0,Noetix,Perfore,MSExcel,Agile/Scrum Methodologies, SSIS ,Pivot Tables, Microsoft Visual Studio 2008,Jira,Eclipse,JDK 1.7.0.21

 

Bank of West, Agoura Hills, CA.                                           (July 2011 – March 2013)

Sr. QA Lead 

Oversight is an intranet web-based application developed to meet the workflow, audit and reporting needs of the creditloss mitigation strategies department



Responsibilities:

Assisted in creating fact and dimension table implementation in Star Schema model based on requirements.

Develop test plans based on test strategy. Created and executed test cases based on test strategy and test plans based on ETL Mapping document.

Preparation of technical specifications and Source to Target mappings.

Extensively used SQL programming in backend and front-end functions, procedures, packages to implement business rules and security

Written test cases to test the application manually in Quality Center and automated them in  Stored Procedures using SSMS

Experience with Excel Reports and dynamic dashboards, scorecards and structured reports for operations and higher management.

Tested both conditional formatting and threshold level testing for several reports developed in Cognos and Excel.

Analysis of functional and non-functional categorized data elements for data profiling and mapping from source to target data environment. Developed working documents to support findings and assign specific tasks

Involved with data profiling for multiple sources and answered complex business questions by providing data to business users.

Tested .net Code used for the web based reports

Tested SSIS Packages used for Data Extraction, Transformation and Loading

Used various SSIS tasks such  as conditional split, Derived Column on the data retrieved, performed Data Validation Checks during staging and then loaded the data

Prepared several test scenarios for the work flow of the entire ETL cycle

Developed and documented data Mappings/Transformations, and SqL sessions as per the business requirement. Involved in the development Mappings and also tuned them for better performance.

Extensive experience in writing SQL and PL/SQL scripts to validate the database systems and for backend database testing.

Performed Functional Testing and Back-end Testing using the database comparable results manually.

Load new or modified data into back-end Oracle and SQL Server databases.

Tested Scheduled SSIS Packages which ran with SQL Agent which are configured linked servers for data access between new and old servers

Created Tables, Graphs and Listings for User Reports

Coordinated with Agile teams and implemented all Test Plans in accordance to need of development projects

Developed automated test scripts from manual test cases for Regression testing based on the requirement documents using Quick Test Professional.

Defects identified in testing environment where communicated to the developers using defect tracking tool Mercury Test Director.

Implement, Gather, and report team and project metrics which demonstrate business value and showing continuous improvement in an Agile environment.

Developed scripts, utilities, simulators, data sets and other programmatic test tools as required executing test plans.

Effectively communicate testing activities and findings in oral and written formats.

Reported bugs and tracked defects using Quality Center 11

Extensively used Informatica power center for extraction, transformation and loading process.

Worked with ETL group for understating mappings for dimensions and facts.

Extracted data from various sources like Oracle, flat files and SQL Server.

Worked on issues with migration from development to testing.

Environment: SSIS, Siperian, HP Quality Center 11 and 9.2, Oracle 10g, Erwin 4.0, XML, XSLT, UNIX, Shell Scripting, SOAPUI, Web Services, SQL Server 2008, WSDL, Automated UI Testing, SOA Test 5.5.2, SQL, PL/SQL, TOAD 7.0, Cognos, MS Excel, Agile/Scrum Methodologies, Pivot Tables, Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, Mircrosfot Silverlight.

  

BoehringerIngelheim (Cap Gemni), Danbury, CT.                                         (Mar 2011 – July 2011)

ETL – MDM Analyst 

One of the largest API manufacturers in Asia, BoehringerIngelheim has commercialized over hundred APIs. BoehringerIngelheim’s products are spread over six major areas encompassing Antibiotics, Anti-Retro Viral, CVS, CNS, Gastroenterological, and Anti-Allergic. Technical expertise in making diverse cutting edge applications and products for customers overseas and in India & USA, the data is coming thru multiple source system to collect and gather customer requirements/information for business to take decisions on sales and marketing data.  



Responsibilities:

Participated and Performed System Integration testing by developing Sub graphs and Integrated with Extraction and Load Graphs.

Used Test Director to Report bugs and Data Quality Issues on each check sum and field validation Tests completed.

Done 21 CFR Part 11 Assessments for existing and new applications.

Validating against FDA Rules 21 CFR Part 11 and tested the application.

In the pre-initial load phase validated the data table additions and code tables based on Code table values document and the Source to MDM data mapping document.

Performed independent MetaData Management services testing by preparing xml transactions.

Communicated and Discussed with Business analysts and Developers about the status of each Data Quality Issues.

Executed UNIX Shell Scripts for Batch Job Execution.

Written several UNIX scripts for running test loads for regression testing purpose.

Ran SQL Statements manually to execute Record Counts on Each Table Loaded into System and Compared with Source Table.

Performed tests on various features of Agile Development process

Extracted Data from Teradata using Informatica Power Center ETL and DTS Packages to the target database including SQL Server and used the data for Reporting purposes.

Involved in the error checking and testing of the ETL procedures and programs Informatica session log.

Tracked and reported the bugs with Quality center.

Extensively worked on Mercury Test Center and ran various scenarios and scheduled them. 

Created Testing Audit Table and ran the graphs to store the end results of each test in SAT Audit Table (Schema).

Used PERL for automating all the types of modules at a time.

Tested the ETL Informatica mappings and other ETL Processes (Data Warehouse Testing).

Modifying the existing Shell Scripts with Ultra Edit utility. 

Written various Unix Shell Scripts for Scheduling the job in production like check file script, load script, complete script, and DQ script. 

Involved in developing the UNIX scripts for Informatica Workflows using parameter files and monitoring the workflows on testing environment.

Involved in requirements gathering and analysis in support of data warehousing efforts and data quality analysis for cleansing and developed ETL specifications.

Participated in bug triage meetings with developers to validate the severity of the bug and responsible for tracking of the bug life cycle using Test Director. 

Designed test data using MS Excel sheet, created data driven test for testing the application with positive and negative inputs.

Perform data driven testing and validated the test results.

Created various User Defined Functions for script enhancements and to verify the business logic.

Written Complicated SQL queries in SQL Server 2008 for Update Dimension Tables, Export Data from Target tables, etc.

Wrote complex SQL scripts in DB2 for testing data quality and validation.

Environment: Informatica 8.6x, Siperian, HP Quality Center, Oracle 10g, 21 CFR Part 11, IBM DB2, Erwin 4.0, Business Objects 5.x, XML, XSLT, IBM AIX 5.3, UNIX, Shell Scripting, UNIX, SOAP, SOAPUI, Web Services, Parasoft, API, WSDL, Automated UI Testing, MQ Messaging, MMQ, SOA Test 5.5.2, SQL, PL/SQL, TOAD 7.0, Agile Methodology, Test Director 7.6.

 

Liberty Mutual, Portsmouth, NH.                                                                   (Jan 2007 – Feb 2011)

ETL Analyst Tester – EDWH

Liberty Mutual is the 6th largest P&C insurance company in the United States, offers a full line of insurance products Including auto, home and life, as well as personal liability.



Responsibilities:

Involved in Business analysis and requirements gathering.

Assisted in creating fact and dimension table implementation in Star Schema model based on requirements.

Wrote the SQL queries on data staging tables and data warehouse tables to validate the data results. 

Executed sessions and batches in Informatica and tracked the log file for failed sessions. 

Check the naming standards, data integrity and referential integrity. 

Responsible for monitoring data for porting to current versions. 

Did MetaData Management testing for source identification, data collection, data transformation, rule administration, data consolidation and data reconciliation.

Checked the reports for any naming inconsistencies and to improve user readability. 

Extensively used Informatica Power Center for extraction, transformation and loading process.

Extensively used Informatica tool to extract, transform and load the data from Oracle to DB2.

Validating the reporting objects in the reporter against the design specification document.

Validating the data files from source to make sure correct data has been captured to be loaded to target tables.

Tested the application developed with .net and its components.

Tested .net code for web based reports

Data Validation of distributed Databases application systems using Python and TSQL and PL-SQL scripting 

Validating the Archive process to purge the data that meet the defined business rules.

Writing complex SQL queries using Case Logic, Intersect, Minus, Sub Queries, Inline Views, and Union in Oracle.

Initiated the bi-weekly QA-Stat-Meet to discuss the intricacies involved in the application(s) being tested.

Involved in validating the aggregate table based on the rollup process documented in the data mapping.

Written several complex SQL queries for validating and verifying the data in Oracle 10g.

Prepared test plans/test schedules with inputs from Project manager and development team.

Responsible for reporting and escalating data issues arising from project or daily support. 

Assisted in creating test data and test cases and execute function system tests as needed.

Performed Black box Testing, Regression and end-to-end testing.

Developed/revised training documentation and procedure manuals.

Responsible for running and analysing quality check reports to ensure system is functioning properly.

Tested the application by writing SQL Queries and creating pivot views as to perform back-end testing. 



Environment: Informatica 8.4, PERL, SQL, PL/SQL, Autosys, HP Quality Center, Flat Files, Python, Quick Test Pro 9.2, Business Objects XIR3, UNIX, Shell Scripting, Mercury Quality Center, Oracle 10g, SQL Plus, MS Access, Pivot Tables, SOAP, XML, XSD, XML Spy 2008, SQL, Visio 2002 sp2, Windows XP Pro, SQL Navigator 3.5.2.\n
Ely Marrero

Long Beach, NY



(516)308-2359



Teach For America



Managing Director - Java Development

My teams develop in-house software to manage teacher progress both in the classroom and as part of the Teach For America corps.  Work to ensure the highest level of integration between our applications.

Manage on-site software development staff.

Set delivery timelines and manage expectations.

Maintain positive relationships with internal support groups (e.g. DBA, Middleware, Linux)

Actively evaluate new technology and software architecture patterns with an eye towards increasing ROI, decreasing complexity, or increasing flexibility.

Hire smart people and get out of their way.



Marvel Entertainment / Disney



Consultant – Java Architecture Group

One of two principal Java developers on a project to build a central intellectual property registry for Disney.  Mainly responsible for writing back end portions of the system that send character and title information into the registry.

Wrote client code to transmit title and character information from the Marvel universe into the Disney registry.

Wrote RESTful service code to provide access to search results.

Designed and configured ElasticSearch indexing scheme for searching the registry.

Implemented an indexing and re-indexing scheme allowing the process of indexing all registry items in ElasticSearch to run without downtime.

Wrote code to extract items from the registry for submission to SAP

Participated in daily SCRUM sessions and problem resolution calls.



Canon U.S.A

6/13  - 10/13

Consultant – Java Lead

I lead a group of developers building a SOA data service layer to back several WebSphere Portal projects. My role was to negotiate SOAP web service interfaces with the front end teams, coalesce requirements into generic web services providing access to back end systems.

Negotiated service invocation signatures and return structures.

Coded skeleton services for use by other teams while my group fleshed out functionality.

Mentored junior developers on my team.

Represented my group at weekly status and SCRUM meetings.

Participated in requirements gathering and defect tracking sessions with other team leads.






The Daily Racing Form, LLC

7/09  - 6/13

Manager of Software Development

I lead a group of developers working on a variety of projects including back end data, public-facing web, iPhone, and automated print publishing.  I also coordinated with external (onshore) development partners and data service providers to augment my team's work.

Migrated and completely re-designed the e-commerce portion of drf.com in conjunction with a physical relocation.

Incorporated a pluggable wagering platform into drf.com

Migrated drf.com from a set of batch-published static pages to a dynamic Drupal/PHP site.

Designed and implemented the horse racing odds section at nbcsports.com (http://matchups.nbcsports.msnbc.com/ALL/odds/index.html)

Architected and developed web services used to consume industry-specific data (odds, entries, results) for use across the DRF product line.

Began a multi-year project to automate the publishing of certain newspaper pages.



Visiting Nurse Service of New York

7/01  - 7/09

Systems Architect

Designed and participated in coding a WebSphere Portal Server application streamlining the agency’s interaction with our participating physicians.  The system consists of multiple portlets as clients to web services exposed using SOAP over HTTP.   (JSR 168, SOAP, XML, JDBC, DB2, AIX, Apache Directory Server, RAD 7, CVS)



Designed and coded a Java Swing application to speed up call center interaction with the agency’s patients and caregivers.  Caller ID information from an incoming call is searched on multiple web and mainframe systems as the phone is ringing.  This system increases the availability of call center agents and improves customer satisfaction by personalizing the interaction.  (AVAYA, JTAPI, JAVA Web Start, Swing, JDBC, Eclipse 3.2, CVS)



Designed and implemented Voice XML applications to verify Meal deliveries and patient visits in real-time. (J2EE, Voice XML)



Implemented web application single-sign-on for older applications that use application-managed security with J2EE Servlet Filters and MS Active Directory. (J2EE)



UBS

6/96 - 7/01

Senior Systems Specialist



Provided server-side systems development for Equities Research.

Built a searchable portable repository of documents from existing archives leveraging XML metadata.

Managed a team of four technical service agents providing application support.

Developed J2EE applications to aid authoring, submission, and review of research reports.  

Developed a WML interface to UBS’ body of research enabling clients to view contact information, recent research notes, and get company and sector information from a WAP enabled mobile device.  (J2EE,  Allaire JRun, Apache Web Server, Solaris, Sybase)




Merrill Lynch & Co.

12/95 - 6/96

Level II cc:Mail Support



Provided support for the global cc:Mail infrastructure.  Developed a maintenance 

schedule, assisted system administrators with corrupt/damaged message repositories. 

Maintained hub message repositories.



 Pfizer

6/96 - 10/96

Messaging Consultant



Supported email infrastructure in New York. 

Routine maintenance.

 	

Dean Witter & Co.

3/95 - 12/95

Programmer/Analyst  



Planned and managed the deployment of a client/server infrastructure including custom

code to remotely deploy new cc:Mail post offices in the field.



Apple Computer  

4/93 - 8/93

Systems Engineer



Provided technical support for resellers in Northern New Jersey and upstate New

York.  Held new product presentations, technology briefings, helped sell

cross-platform networks and acted as liaison with product engineering.



IBM Corporation  

8/88 - 6/93

Systems Engineer



Provided technical sales support in a state-of-the-art demonstration facility. 

Responsible for a multi-platform distributed token ring network.  Provided

technical support for individual briefings, presentations to key customers, and

customized solutions.



.\n
SONAL SONAWANE

4324 Rowalt Drive #201    College Park, MD 20740    240.330.2459   sonal.sonawane@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION

Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 	December 2016

Master of Science, Information Systems 

Member of Smith Master’s Student Association

Coursework: Managing Digital Business Markets, Business Process Analysis, Big Data, Data Mining and Predictive Analytics, Decision Analytics, Database Management Systems 

Fr. Conceicao Rodrigues Institute of Technology, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India	May 2012

Bachelor of Engineering, Information Technology

Chief organizing committee member of Computer Society of India (CSI)

SKILLS

Programming languages: Python, R, JavaScript, SQL, C, C++, Java, HTML, ActionScript, MXML, XML, CSS

Tools: Hadoop, Sqoop, Pig, Hive, Spark, mongoDB, Tableau, SAP, Adobe Flex Builder, Salesforce, Google Analytics

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Paradyme Management, Greenbelt, MD                                                                                           September 2016 - Present

Corporate Technical Analyst Intern

Performing Black Hat Opposition Research for acquiring and assessing competitive intelligence

Analyzing processes to develop data visualization dashboard for improved decision making capability

Devised a Teleworking solution for the company as a part of a competition for the interns



Paradyme Management, Greenbelt, MD                                                                                            June 2016 - August 2016

Corporate Technical Project Lead Intern

Supervised and administered technical projects for a team of 11 technical interns

Developed a Java based web application for time tracking and reporting 

Analyzed business processes, gathered requirements and proposed solution for internal business problems

Conducted performance analysis using data clustering and contingency tables on USA spending data set

Designed and customized JIRA Service desk for Real Property Planning and Analysis System project 



L&T Infotech, Mumbai, India 	        February 2013 - June 2015

Software Engineer

Led team of eight for front end development in an Engineering and Procurement application; handled client requirement gathering; secured three new projects

Conceptualized features for extracting meaningful insights from integrated data; created reports to make operational and strategic decisions, efficiently increasing client revenue by 12%

Designed and implemented 4 Java modules in Flatpack Configurator, a switchboard designing application for L&T

Maintained code and achieved version control using Tortoise SVN

KEY PROJECTS

Expedia Hotel Recommendation: Identifying patterns in hotel reservation traffic using social network analysis and building prediction model to determine possible destinations for a new hotel search 

Live Project - Video Production Tracking: Led a team of seven as a product owner for creating a video production tracking application for Learning Technologies; collaborated with stakeholders & established agile way of development

Data Mining & Predictive Analytics for Disease Control: Mined the Center for Disease Control (CDC) data set to understand and identify patterns in causes of mortality using regression and classification models

Google Online Marketing Challenge: Created an online marketing campaign using Google AdWords and Google Analytics; analyzed traffic to increase session duration and decrease bounce rate                                             

Automated Environment Control and Security System: Demonstrated an Internet of Things (IoT) application for home environment control and intrusion detection collaborating with two other students

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Certified in Google AdWords Fundamentals and Google Mobile Advertising

Spearheaded committee of 50 people for Annual Event of L&T Infotech, attracting over 400 employees

Initiated four blood donation camps for college social cell; received over 200 donations per event

Participated in state-level Table-tennis tournaments and won numerous awards over 5 years\n
Calvin Chao

		300 Long Trail Terrace | Rockville, MD 20850 | (240) 205-9066 | Calvin.chao.3@gmail.com

			Education

				University of Maryland, College Park	College Park, MD

					

			Work experience 			New York, NY

				Recwell Flag Football Referee 	College Park, MD						

				General Referee	09/2015 – 11/2015

				Worked with a team of officials to regulate games through the playoffs for Intramural flag football

				Yoyogi Sushi Chief  	Gaithersburg, MD

				Chief and Server	05/2015 – 08/2015

				Responded to customer enquiries regarding products while providing waiter services 

				Assisted head chief during prime hours and working with a team to prepare ingredients 

				Provided inventory control assistance in order to optimize inventory 		

				WMACS Summer Camp	Frostburg, MD

				Student Teacher and Counselor 	06/2015 

				Oversaw logistics of various planned events for 180 campers

				Planned week long curriculum for class as well as taught the class

				Contacted Facility staff each day to ensure proper equipment and facilities were prepared to optimize time 

				Dumpling Dojo	Bethesda, MD

				Cashier/Server/Cook	06/2014 – 08/2014

				Promoted business throughout the mall through verbal means and fliers 

				Provided inventory control to minimize excess spending and reconcile inventory while maintaining optimal stock levels to ensure availability of products

				Responded to customer enquiries regarding different products and assisted in buying decisions

				Marble Slab	Rockville, MD

				Server/Cashier	00/2012 – 04/2013

				Assist customers in purchasing decisions 

				Calculated profit at the end of each day as well as inventory in hopes of preventing unnecessary loss 

				

			Leadership & Activities

				Alpha Sigma Phi	College Park, MD

				Scholarship Director 	10/2015 – Present 

				Encourage all members to excel in academics to uphold a strong fraternity grade point average

				Enforce silent areas for studying and ensuring library study rooms are available for members 

				Director of Public Relations	04/2015 – 09/2015

				Coordinate with Greek life leadership to sponsor philanthropy events

				Organize events and campaigns that endorse Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity

				Maintain fraternity social media to promote the chapter while upholding its values and ideals 

				Maryland Recreational Volleyball 	College Park, MD

				Treasurer	 

				Encourage participation through from all members and officers and club players

				Pay off any fees that arise and purchase any equipment necessary 

				Business Leaders in Society 	College Park, MD

				Emerging Business leader member	02/2015 – Present 

				Interact with members to organize different fundraisers and participate in different business builder meets

				Men’s Club Volleyball	College Park, MD

				Player	09/2014 – Present

				Participate in various tournaments and practices a long to maintain position on roster for national competition 

				Vietnamese Student Association 	College Park, MD

				Member	09/2014 – Present

				Learn and spread culture through the different members and events

				Attend sporting, arts, professional, and fundraising events to spread culture and meet new people

				Taiwanese Student Association 	College Park, MD

				Member	09/2014 – Present

				Spread my own culture through different events and weekly meetings as well as participate in various fundraisers and showcase events

				

			Skills & interests 			New York, NY	

				Languages: Fluent English, Basic Mandarin, Basic in written Chinese, Basic Spanish\n
Daniel P. Palmer, PMP



Recent Work Experience:



Paradyme Management, Inc.						        October 2011 - Present

	Senior Manager

Optimized and documented user support, release management, and critical event response processes.

Managed implementation of internal support website.

Integrated support website with testing application to provide automatically updated testing metrics

Developed and monitored metrics to ensure conformance to PeopleSoft upgrade project schedule.

Recommended and developed improvements to operations and maintenances processes and procedures.



Government of the District of Columbia				            	  May 2004 – Present

Program Manager (Grade: MSS-15)	

		Ensured that over 200 enhancements and fixes each year were planned, developed, tested and implemented on time for PASS and PeopleSoft. 

		Responsible for creating and maintaining the master PASS project plan and sub-plans for the upgrades of the three deployed modules (Ariba Buyer, Ariba Invoice and Ariba Analysis). 

		Implemented two additional modules (Ariba Sourcing and Ariba Contracts Compliance) that reduced acquisition time for common commodities from weeks to hours. 

		Developed and implemented the District’s IT Staff Augmentation Master Agreement (ITSA). ITSA reduced the procurement time for temporary staffing from 16 weeks to 4 and has saved the District more than $3 million since its inception. 

		Prepared operating and capital budget for PASS between FY2006 and FY2012, and forecasted operating expenses between FY2011 through FY2013. 

		

Government of the District of Columbia			     	                 August 2003 – May 2004

Information Technology Specialist (Grade: CS-14) 

			Performed general systems analysis tasks during the initial PASS implementation, including requirements gathering and data analysis. 

			Given the role of PASS Buyer/Invoice Rollout Manager. Responsible for providing direct on-site support to the initial 40 PASS agencies during the application roll-out. 

			Developed and executed PASS User Forums. These user forums gave hundreds of users each month an opportunity to discuss current PASS functionality and recommend enhancements as well as learn about procurement best practices.

			

Education:

	Master of Business Administration, Robert H. Smith School Of Business 

	University of Maryland, College Park



Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Information Systems

Old Dominion University



PMP Certification



Clearance:

Interim Secret





			



Paradyme Management Inc.	            9111 Edmonston Rd Greenbelt, MD 20770	202-640-1276



Daniel Palmer	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 2\n
JOANN AMBROSINO
Document & Data Management Specialist II
Cell Phone (702) 837-6776
joannambrosino@yahoo.com
OBJECTIVE


Effectively work construction projects safely, on schedule and within budget. Maintain a good work ethic and relationship
with all co-workers, neighbors and municipalities to achieve project goals. I enjoy my work, respect people, outgoing positive
attitude, pleasant, eager, and quick to learn to procedures. Self-Starter, work without supervision, energetic.

QUALIFICATIONS









Many years’ experience in Engineering Document Control Construction Technical Data Management with some of the largest
EPCM firms globally. Gas, Plastics, Petrochemicals, Solar Power and Extraction Mining.
Successfully track construction plans, revisions and permits from start to finish. Prepare and submit all applications for all
municipalities including, City of Las Vegas, Henderson, Clark County, Sanitation Department and North Las Vegas. 
Responsible for receiving and distributing all documents. Populate the DMS with current revisions and updated reports.
Email electronic links to project team and transmit new information to the responsible disciplines. Control document data base
for history and review.
OSHA 10
Adobe, Word, Excel, Outlook, Document Tracking System/EDMS, SharePoint, Livelink, Ebuilder


EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
Beacon Bay Project Management (Sands Corp) 01/2017 – Present
Commercial Construction Document Control Specialist: Develop and maintain a Construction document control system to
organize, store, manage and track company documents.- File, scan, image, catalog, organize and maintain documents, adhering to the
specified document and lifecycle procedures. Administer and control the retrieval of documents. Receive, verify, and process document
requests, and maintain the requests via tracking logs. Catalog and archive inactive records and documents in accordance with the records
retention procedures. Assist project managers, project engineer, and other team members develop and maintain documents such as
meeting minutes, drawings, specifications, approvals and related items. May be responsible for training team members on records
management procedures and policies, which include documentation, retention, retrieval, destruction and disaster recovery. Assist with file
migrations and audits, and perform administrative tasks as needed.

Sunpower Solar Power Plant (On Site) - Boulder City, NV: 2/2016 – 01/06/2017
Document Control Specialist: Upload new issued engineering documents and drawings in EDMS (EBuilder) used on the construction project job
site. Maintain document database to ensure most current, approved documentation is available for viewing and downloading by Sunpower team and
subcontractors on site and in office off site.

Allegiant Travel Company 05/2015 – 02/2016
Engineering Configuration Specialist: Conduct initial analysis of Engineering Source Documents and follow the process throughout document
development providing support when needed. Provide daily entry and assignment of Engineering Source Documents. Maintain and update Engineering
Document Library. Review AIS for Damage Tolerance Allowance (DTA) required actions. Review and track required engineering related tasks for Aircraft
Induction Audit Allegiant Engineering Documents on PubWeb and correct issues as necessary. Assist in engineering document scanning when needed.
Perform audit of Engineering Documents scanned into AirVault under Engineering Library

Fluor - (On Site) Barrick Goldstrike Mine, Elko, Nevada: 09/2012 - 04/2015
Document & Data Management Specialist II: Maintain and track all documentation from contractor for Client – Barrick Gold at jobsite trailer. I
upload and keep Livelink program populated with all documents for team access and use. Process vendor information, redlines and other technical data
through the task force cycle including: logging, distribution, and maintenance of all files and all drawings.

First Solar Electric, (On Site), Solar Power Plants - Boulder City & Primm, NV: 4/2010 – 09/2012
Office Manager/Document Control: Manage all office staff; maintain purchase order requests, accounts payable, all general office duties
relating to construction job site trailer. Manage creation of new documents and organize imported documents used on the project. Transmit all documents
to client and track comments to engineers. Log in and track all design drawings, project specification, RFIs, submittals, transmittals and sketches in
electronic format using EDMS. Manage coordination of document transmittals and maintaining document transmittal log.
Maintain Control Document database to ensure most current, approved documentation is available, correctly filed, and properly distributed in accordance
with the Project Plan and Project Distribution Matrix. I received Spot Bonus Award from Construction Manager.

Draeger Construction LLC, 6055 Emerald Ave Las Vegas, NV 89122 (702-547-6667):
5/2008 - 3/2010
Permit Coordinator - Production Admin: Responsible for all permits on construction projects, inspection scheduling, reports and plans
submittal including meeting with engineers, designers and County officials regarding revisions, improvements and repairs. Familiar with codes and able to
read plans. I acquired one hour stucco application certification for all Draeger Construction sites which addressed the 5 day wait period for inspection
approval at City and County offices, positively affecting budget and schedule. Subcontractor setup coordination and AP. Front office multi line phones

Desert Plumbing & Heating, 4475 Quail Road, Las Vegas, NV 89109 (702-873-7333): 9/2007 - 03/2008
Buyer: Responsible for pipe and fitting purchasing and delivery schedule for many multi-billion dollar projects in the Las Vegas area. I have knowledge
with product and deal with all the local suppliers. Also acquired plumbing and special use permits.

Signature Homes, 801 S. Rancho, Ste. E4, Las Vegas, NV 89106 (702-671-6020):
10/2005 - 6/2007
Permit Coordinator: Manage all aspects of plans submittal through the building permit process. Design through Cert of Occupancy, working with
all engineers and field personnel, municipalities, supervisors, and subcontractors. Read plans and track revisions and redlines. I enjoy my work, happy out
going attitude.

Pardee Homes, 650 White Drive, Ste. 100, Las Vegas, NV 89119 (702-614-1400):
2/2004 – 9/2005
Permit Processor: I permitted over 1200 homes (2004), including (600) sanitation permits. I am knowledgeable of procedures and processes of the
various building departments and other agencies throughout Clark County. I have built a good working relationship with all Clark County employees and
work well with others.

Fluor Corporation, Sugar Land, TX (281-263-1000):
1991-2003
Document Control Senior III: Maintained and tracked all original documentation from design, engineering and suppliers. I executed daily
communication with engineers and field personnel globally for design updates and plans approval. Expedite vendors to ensure compliance with terms and
conditions of purchase orders for shipment of drawings and equipment. Process vendor information, redlines and other technical data through the
engineering task force cycle including: logging, distribution, and maintenance of all files and all drawings for suppliers, design, QA, HVAC, engineering,
construction sites and clients. Meet with suppliers, engineers and designers to ensure schedule; coordination of personnel to work on same revision of
plans; issued final engineered drawings, data sheets, specifications and ISO's for review, construction, and maintenance of each project to client; compiled
plant manuals at completion of a project.

\n
NUPUR SIDHAYE

CONTACT
 nsidhaye@umd.edu   +1(240)-716-4324
 4324 Rowalt Drive #201 College Park MD 20740

EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND
MS Telecommunication Engineering 2017
KJ SOMAIYA COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING
BE Electronics Engineering 2015

EMPLOYMENT
VT IDIRECT

Herndon,Virginia
May 2016 to Aug 2016

System Architecture Engineering

• Quality of Service assessment in iDirect TDMA VSAT networks
 - Created test suites in a simulated environment with various QoS parameters to establish a performance baseline
• Analysis of TDMA slot assignment algorithm
 -Evaluated pattern of slot allocations with varying remote and carrier definitions to debug and aid in recommending optimizations to the
algorithm
• Study of high-level iDirect network architecture

CERTIFICATIONS

CISCO CERTIFIED NETWORK ASSOCIATE : ROUTING AND SWITCHING

License Number: CSCO13063506

PROJECTS
DEPLOYMENT OF SCALABLE CLOUD USING AMAZON WEB SERVICES
Sep 2016 to Oct 2016
• Experimented with Test Drive Enterprise Solutions on AWS
• Launched a Virtual Private cloud and deployed a number of Amazon EC2 instances with varying specifications in it
• Analyzed the functioning of various AWS features like Auto-Scaling, Elastic Block Storage, Load Balancer, Amazon CloudWatch, S3 etc
• Illustrated third party applications like OpenVPN and VYoS to demonstrate day-to-day applications of cloud services
PROJECT ON TWO STATE KALMAN FILTER
Apr 2016
• Developed a Two state Kalman filter in MATLAB that tracks the movements of a simulated vehicle moving along a highway
• Predicted the location and velocity of the vehicle successfully using acceleration values arriving at periodic intervals based on Newtons Laws
• Successfully updated the prediction values with the help of a more accurate GPS observation updates arriving at random times thus obtaining
near accurate parameters of the vehicle
PROJECT ON GSM/LTE NETWORK COVERAGE ANALYSIS USING MENTUM PLANET 5.7
Oct 2015
• Implemented the project in several phases to perform LTE deployment
• Obtained network coverage in Downtown DC and nearby suburban areas by designing a network using 30 base stations in phase 1 and 2
• Regulated antenna parameters such as down tilt, power, azimuth to get optimum coverage and to avoid drops if any
UDP PROTOCOL IMPLEMENTATION IN JAVA
• Implemented a networking Java application consisting of a transmitter and a receiver using User Datagram Protocol sockets
• Ensured the reliability of data using timers, retransmission policies and integrity check algorithm
• Achieved cryptographic authentication using RC4 Algorithm
CISCO CERTIFIED NETWORK ASSOCIATE TRAINING
• Analysed and performed tracing in virtual network environment using Cisco Packet Tracer
• Gained proficiency in sub-netting and addressing in IPv4 and IPv6

Nov 2015

Jul 2015

FINAL YEAR ENGINEERING PROJECT- SELF BALANCING ROBOT
Aug 2014 to May 2015
• Collaborated with three team mates for structuring the self- balancing robot based on unicycle mechanism using AT89C51 microcontroller and
IR sensors
• Designed a 3 layered model by calibrating the centre of gravity using mechanical principles

SKILLS
LANGUAGES: Java , C, MATLAB
PROTOCOLS KNOWLEDGE: RIP, OSPF, TCP, UDP, IGRP, EIGRP, DHCP
SOFTWARES AND OS: Cisco Packet Tracer Student, Eclipse, Mentum Planet 5.7, Code Blocks, Linux, MS Office

ACTIVITIES
INSTITUTE OF ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONICS ENGINEERS COUNCIL · Joint Publicity Head
• Led a team of 9 people in carrying out various publicity responsibilities
• Supervised the organization of the IEEE technical and cultural festival for an academic year
INDIAN CLASSICAL DANCE : BHARATNATYAM

2013 to 2014

2004 to 2012

\n
DEANNA L. PARE

Centennial, Colorado 80122
Phone: 303-518-5018
Email: deannapare@q.com
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/deannapare/

SUMMARY
Experienced Document Change Control Specialist with extensive knowledge in Product Development Process
requirements. High energy, extremely detailed and highly efficient at prioritizing tasks. Team player with a positive
"Can Do" attitude who is willing to go that extra mile for the success of the team. True commitment to excellence and
takes pride in producing quality work. Track record for guiding new product teams through the product development
process requirements is outstanding. Participated in the development and the implementation of Quality Systems for
ISO Certification. Experienced in setting up systems for tracking all types of documentation resulting in numerous
awards & recognition.
•

•
•
•

FDA Regulations (GMPs/GCPs/QSRs)
FDA 21CFR820; Quality System Regulation;
ISO 13485; ISO 14971; Medical Device Directive
Quality Management Systems/ISO 9000/9001
Internal Audit Compliance
Document/Engineering Change Control

•
•
•
•
•
•

Proof and Edit Technical Documentation
Technical Writing
Design Controls
Process Improvements
Project Management
Data Analysis

P R O F E SS IO N A L EX P ER IEN C E
B AXTER HEALTHCARE CORPORATION /BAXA C ORPORATION , Englewood, Colorado

R e gu l at or y A f fair s C o or din a t or

2006-Present

Assist with coordinating activities with the Internal Audit program. Aid in the preparation and maintenance of
regulatory submissions and technical files. Aid with the creation and implementation of company procedures. Update
and submit Product/Drug Master Files to the FDA & Health Canada. Assist with international registrations.

D oc u m en t a t i on S pecial ist

Responsible for the preparation, finalization & security of controlled documents. Change control execution. Design
control record management. Quality record management. Training record management. Conduct defect training.
Perform internal audits. Records management and records retention.
S KYW EST A IRLINES , St. George, Utah

P r od u c t io n C on t r ol A ss ist a n t

2005-2006

Monitor & schedule all repetitive maintenance due on all fleet types. Monitor & schedule all one-time items for all fleet
types. Audit maintenance paperwork for completion of maintenance items. Maintain tracking sheets for all necessary
items. Input needed data in maintenance computer.
S PENCER T ECHNOLOGIES , Seattle, Washington

R e gu l at or y A f fair s / Qu ali t y A ss u r a n ce S peci alis t

2004-2005

Provide assistance to the Regulatory Affairs/Quality Assurance Manager by performing data trending, coordinating
regulatory submissions, logistics, and international documentation.
VOLT T ECHNICAL S ERVICES /AMGEN, Bothell, Washington

A d m in is t r at i ve C o or din at o r I I , C on t r ac t A ss ig n m en t

2004

Provide support to 2 Managers and 3 groups in the Engineering Operations Services Department. Manage multiple and/or
complex calendars including group calendars. Coordinate onsite-offsite meetings, prepare agenda, draft minutes, track
action items, and communicate details to participants. Prepare and process forms, documents and correspondence, on
own initiate and upon request; create, maintain, update and reconcile spreadsheets, edit and format presentations, SOP’s,
notices, etc. Disseminate information to appropriate parties in a timely manner, monitor and follow-up on requests.
Order coordination for office and other supplies including cleaning, and office equipment as needed. Interact with outside
vendors as needed. Compile data and information sent to various agencies. Assist in management of department/team
budget. Enter and track purchase order requests. Project tracking (i.e., budget, database, and timelines). Process
invoices, code and interact with Amgen Corporate AP department to make sure invoices are paid on time.
ACT•1/AMGEN, Bothell, Washington

D oc u m en t a t i on S pecial ist , C on t r ac t A ssig n m e n t

2003

Provide support to clients in the initiation, routing, approval, and distribution of documentation. Documentation includes
Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), Manufacturing Procedures (MP), controlled forms/logs, validation documents, and
maintenance work orders. Generate document processing requests. Route documents for review and approval. Track
the entire documentation process. Edit documents to incorporate redlines from initiators and format documents to
conform to guidelines and standards. Coordinate timelines and schedules with clients and Document Management
Services (DMS). Receive and distribute controlled documents to Manufacturing and support areas.

DEAN NA L. P ARE

Page 2

PROF E SS IONAL EXP ER IENCE , continued
O FFICE TEAM , Bellevue, Washington

2003

Ex ecu t i ve A ssi st an t , C on t r ac t A ssi gn m e n t

Executive Assistant to the Director of Sales & to the Director of Marketing/New Business at Continental DataGraphics (a
Boeing Company). Update & maintain CRM package (ACT), assist with proposals, business plans, and RFPs.
Coordinate the distribution of incoming sales leads from telemarketing and trade shows to account executives.
ALSTOM ESCA C ORPORATION , Bellevue, Washington

2000-2002

P r od u c t A dm in i st r at or

Perform general administrative tasks to support the Product Management team. Manage assignments with diplomacy
and discretion at all levels inside the company and between business areas. Gather information and analyze data for
monthly reporting. Initiate and track all invoicing and budget activities for assigned engineering initiatives and
projects. Compile raw data from engineering groups relating to various types of documentation and coordinate with
internal or external technical writing staff for development of documentation. Work with documentation writers to
ensure compliance with all ISO/9001 procedures.
P ARKER S TAFFING S ERVICES & O FFICE TEAM , Bellevue, Washington

2000

M u l t i ple C on t r ac t A s sig n m e n t s

Executive Assistant to the President & CEO of Coinstar. Executive Assistant to the Vice President of Corporate
Communications and Marketing at Nintendo of America. Administrative Assistant to the Administrative Manager at
ALSTOM ESCA Corporation.
1994-2000
B OSTON S CIENTIFIC C ORPORATION /H EART T ECHNOLOGY , Redmond, Washington
P r od u c t D e vel o pm e n t P r o cess S peci alis t (1998-2000)
Assist new product teams to comply with product development process requirements. Create and maintain Design
History Files. Coordinate meetings and provide meeting minutes for Executive Program Review, Process & Component
Improvements, and product team meetings. Create and maintain product schedules and report on milestones.
Manage patent research & maintenance of Patent Files.
S e n io r D oc u m en t a t i on C oo r din at or (1994-1998)
Develop and maintain system for tracking engineering test protocols and reports. Coordinate and chair Testing
Approval Board System meetings for obtaining approvals on engineering test protocols and reports. Set up Quality
Systems for ISO Certification. Ensure compliance of engineering document change control procedures. Incorporate
document revisions. Proofread documents scheduled for release. Work with blueprints, Bill of Materials, Routers, Shop
Floor Paperwork & Document Change Orders.

S O F TWAR E PR O FIC I EN C Y
•

Word

•

LiveLink (EDMS)

•

VISIO

•

Excel

•

FileMaker Pro (EDMS)

•

SkyTrack

•

Project

•

SharePoint

•

Sabre FliteTrac

•

Access

•

MAXIMO

•

Exchange & Outlook

•

Power Point

•

ACT Database (CRM)

•

Lotus Notes

•

Publisher

•

CostPoint Accounting System

•

Baan

•

SAP

•

JD Edwards

R A P S C ER T IF IC AT IO N IN R E GU LA TO R Y A F FAIR S ( M ED IC A L D EV IC E )

2 01 1

A WAR D S R EC E I VED
The following awards were presented by Boston Scientific Corporation Northwest Technology Center, Inc.
•

Outstanding Teamwork for Floppy Gold Guide Wire Team

1999

•

Commitment to Excellence for Product Development Support Team

1998

•

Employee of the Month

1997

•

Recognition for Exceptional Teamwork & Documentation Support

1997

•

Unsung Hero for Contribution to Manufacturing

1997

•

Commitment to Excellence

1997

\n
Seenithai Karthikesan

	[Oracle Fusion middleware/Database Administrator]

Email:sseenukarthik@yahoo.com



Overview

	Senior IT (Information Technology) professional with more than 7 years of experience design, development, implementation and supporting   Oracle/Other products. This IT infrastructure solution includes Secure, scalable,   and High Availability options and spread across various network tiers (Web, Application and Database Tier).

	Product Types includes Databases, GIS Tools(Oracle, ESRI),Content server, Business Intelligent, , Data Warehouse and ETL, Fusion Middleware (Web Logic, 11g Portal and IDM, WebCenter Content, WC Portal ), Enterprise Administration and Monitoring (cloud, grid control), Backup and Restore, Disaster Recovery, Data Exchange.

	Supported HW/OS Infrastructure Environments Includes IBM, DELL, HP Servers, Desktop PCs, and SAN Storage, Load Balancer, routers, Firewalls, WAN, LAN, Windows, Virtual server (VMware) and various UNIX flavors. Other Software tools for Testing, Ticketing, Security, Availability and Performance monitoring.

	Industry experience includes Education Healthcare, Manufacturing and Finance.

	Highly motivated, self initiator and ability to work in a team and also excel individually. Capable of building solid work relationships with Technical team, management team, customers, SW/HW vendors and throughout project engagements. 

	

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

	Hands on experience includes setting up 11g Spatial Databases and Oracle GIS(Map viewer) and migrating spatial application from one environment to another.

	Experienced in Database administration, Application server admin, database design, Backup and Restore, Recovery, Data Transfer and migration, requirement gathering, System analysis and design, application development, Testing and Application deployments using Web Logic/OAS, IIS for various applications.[OBIEE, J2EE, Portals, IDM,.Net, GIS], Support 24*7 Development, Test and Production environments. 

	Hands on experience include converting and loading ArcGIS (ESRI) spatial data into Oracle Spatial databases.

	Expert in Setting up Oracle web logic environment for Deploying OBIEE application And integrating OBIEE with Oracle spatial application (Map Viewer).

	Experienced in Setting up and supporting the Development, Test and Production Database environments. That includes starting from requirement collection, preparation, analysis and System design, Installation, configuration, administration and ongoing support to multiple HW/SW products. Prepare and Maintain documentations for complete project life cycle.

	Experienced in installation, configuration and administration of Oracle 11g Portal on windows 2008 r2 environment. Including Oracle 10g SSO/11gOAM installation and configuration. Integrating with   Oracle Portal/IDM.

	Experienced in installation, configuration and administration of Oracle 11g Web Center Content on windows 2008 r2 environment. 

	Experience includes upgrade and migration of Oracle Apex, Oracle 11g OBIEE (RPD, Catalog) from 10g to 11g multitier environment. Moved from development environment to UAT environment. 

	Hands on experience patching fusion middleware and 11g OBIEE environment 

	Experience includes exploring and architecture recommendation, implementation of various GIS solutions (Mapviewver, Map Builder, Spatial DB, ArcGIS from ESRI).

	Experience includes installation, configuration and administration of Oracle 11g Spatial Database, Oracle 11g map viewer, Oracle Apex, Oracle Map Builder.

	Experience includes exploring and architecture recommendation, Installation and configuration of JDK and Web logic server, OBIEE.

	Hands on experience Includes Creating and modifying VM server nodes and VM Templates.VM Nodes and Template creation includes selecting various HW/SW parameters.[VM provisioning, OS, Memory, Storage, number of LUNs, Network Segments, IP details, Default gateway and other network details etc].

	Experience in developing Proof of Concept OBIEE dashboard application using Oracle Map viewer/ Map builder and Spatial Database. Deployed sample OBIEE dashboard application in 11g OBIEE environment and integration between OBIEE and Oracle 11g Map viewer, spatial DB.

	Experienced working with different types database including OLTP, WAREHOUSE, Secured databases. Worked with multi terabytes databases for physical and Logical database design and tuning memory and OS parameters.

	Hands on experience include installation and configuration of Oracle 11g grid control in Windows 2003/2008 environment. Expert using Oracle Grid Control (10g/11g) for administration, configuring alert notification, Performance Tuning and monitoring, scheduling various jobs, patching and cloning of oracle binaries and databases. 

	Experience includes exploring and architecture recommendations, Installation, configuration of Oracle IDM’s Access Management Tools [OIM, OAM, OAAM] in VM/Physical Server environments. 

	Experience includes exploring and architecture recommendation, Installation, configuration of various Oracle IDM’s Identity Management Tools [OID, OVD] in VM/Physical Server Environments. 

	Multiple years experienced collaboratively working with Oracle Support Services [SR, TAR].  Including using various severity levels and SR escalation procedure for Major production issues, patching and upgrade issues, architecture recommendations, Certification Matrix issues etc.

	Implemented and Supported Oracle 10g Application Server farm including load balanced Oracle 10g Application Servers, Oracle SSO, and Oracle Internet Directory (OID).Familiar using Oracle App Server Control, OID admin console and command line tools OPMN, DCMCTL.  Installed and upgraded 10g metadata repository in 10g RAC database.  Deployed, configured and maintained J2EE applications.

	Experienced in planning, requirement collection and designing data collection, transfer and exchange processes. Developing and implementing tracking Procedure. Used FTP, SFTP, Export/Import, SQL Loader, Data Pump, DTS package, SSIS tools for this. 

	Experienced in writing SQLs, Stored procedure, database trigger, and PL/SQL Packages. Writing and testing Windows batch file, UNIX Scripts for backup, Restore, administration and for alert notification.

	Hands on experience include developing database tables, indexes, views and sequences and other database objects.

	Hands on experience in setting up and performing Oracle snapshots and replication features.

	Multiple Years of Hands on experience developing and implementing application user’s security. Also enrolling applications users for authentication and authorization.

	Experienced in Backup, Restore and Recovery using Recovery Manager (RMAN) and monitoring backup results using Commvault Tools.

	Administration and implementation of database security including Database users, roles, privileges, profiles and performance tuning using Automatic Advisory Frameworks, AWR, ADDM and ADR etc.  

	Experience includes installation and configuration of Oracle Application Express (formerly HTMLDB) in development and production environment. As an oracle APEX Admin implemented LDAP/SSO security for oracle Apex application.

	Hands on experience include Maintaining, managing and monitoring various Logs generated by various software /Hardware Tools.

	Hands on Documentation Experience including Meeting Minutes and upgrades, installation steps for OBIEE, APEX, Grid Control, IDM DB security etc. 

	Experienced in preparation of Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for day-to-day infrastructure and Data Center Team support activities.

	

	EDUCATION:

Masters in Computer Science.

[MANONMANIAM SUNDARANAR University, Tirunelveli, India, 1995-1998].

Bachelor of Computer Science. 

[MANONMANIAM SUNDARANAR University, Tirunelveli, India, 1992-1995].

Oracle 11g Certified DBA,   Oracle University certification program 2010. 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client: Maryland State Department of Education.[March 2011 Till date]

The Maryland State Department of Education is a State government agency that develops and administers K-12, P20 Education programs, Library Services, and Rehabilitation Services and is nationally recognized as being on the forefront of standards-based reform of public education. The MSDE administers numerous programs that support public education. Supporting RTTT Projects (MLDS, P20, K12 etc.) in MSDE and MSDE-DPSCS data Centers.



Roles and Responsibility: As a Senior database Management specialist and member of MSDE-DAA Operation team supporting MSDE, MSDE-DPSCS data centers and performing following roles and responsibility. That is Sr. Oracle DBA, Oracle GIS Admin (Mapviewver, Spatial DB), Middleware Admin (WebLogic, Portals, IDM, OAS)/11gGridControl and OBIEE Admin/Application, Database security Admin. 

	Completed setting up 11g Spatial Databases and Oracle GIS(Map viewer) for P20 development, Test and Production environments.

	Completed setting up 11g Spatial Databases and Oracle GIS(Map viewer) for MHEC development, Test and Production environments.

	Migrated spatial database from Development to test environment. Test environment to production environment for multiple projects.

	Obtained spatial data from Towson University and Completed converting and loading ArcGIS (ESRI) spatial data into Oracle Spatial databases.

	Developed multiple background maps and layers for Montgomery county school locations and early childhood provider’s locations using Oracle MAP builder. 

	Completed map viewer configuration and integration between OBIEE, MAP Viewer for all P20 & MHEC environments.

	Completed integration of MAPS with OBIEE dashboard application using OBIEE admin console for all P20,MHEC and K12 environments.

	Completed configuration requirement of Map viewer for rendering of Data (MD State Street maps) delivered using the Open GIS Consortium (OGC) Web Map Service (WMS) and added WMS map themes.

	Completed Setting up Oracle web logic environment for Deploying OBIEE application And integrating OBIEE with Oracle spatial application (Map Viewer).

	Hands on experience includes setting up Map viewer for rendering of data delivered using the Open GIS Consortium (OGC) Web Map Service (WMS) and adding WMS map themes.

Successfully installed and configured 11g OBIEE on VMWARE sandbox and Test, Staging environments using Windows 2008 64 bit OS. This install involves multimode architecture including Repository DB, BI server, PS server, OHS server, Web logic.

Successfully installed and configured 11g Portal (11.1.1.6) on windows 2008 R2 environment. This environment architecture spread across 3 tiers and Oracle 11g Portal uses Oracle 10g SSO/11gOAM and 11g OID. This Portal environment uses front end Oracle OHS web server.

Successfully installed, configured and administering 11g Web Center Content on windows 2008 R2 environment. Hands on experience required VM for all the fusion middleware products.

Successfully installed, configured and migrated Oracle Apex 4.x from Development into Sandbox and Test environments. This includes Database tier and front end web tier.

Successfully Upgraded 10g OBIEE (RPD, Catalog) to 11g OBIEE from development environment into MSDE sandbox VM environment, MSDE-DPSCS Data Center Test VM environment.

Completed creating sample VM templates and multiple VMs using the templates for K12LDS system Test environment at DPSCS Datacenter.

Installation and configuration of various client software tools including SQL developer, oracle client, ODBC connection, OBIEE tools, Webinar and Go to Meetings, Oracle Warehouse Builder, Informatica Client, Power architect and Oracle ODI for development and Project managers team PCs.

Participated multiple Meetings with internal operation team, network team (DPSCS), software and Hardware vendors. These meetings are related to exploring various oracle products architecture, setting up test environment VMs at DPSCS data center. Including install, configuration, administration and integration procedure, and database, Application security for all 11g products.

Completed documenting various technical meeting minutes attended with Oracle Tech team, DPSCS network Team.

Completed various oracle products Installation and configuration in sandbox VM environment for exploring architecture, preparing install steps, finding install and configuration issues. 

Completed independently following 11g Products (11g DB, RCU, OBIEE, APEX, Grid Control, Web logic, JDK) and worked with Team for other 11g products. (Oracle Portal, ORACLE IDM) in 2008 64 bit VM environment. 

Installed and Configured Oracle11g Spatial Database and Imported Data using IMPORT/EXPORT Utility. Successfully completed Integration between OBIEE and Oracle GIS tools (mapviewver, spatial db) and integrated stand alone Map viewer and OBIEE. Configured using Map viewer Admin tool to retrieve spatial data using JDBC connectivity.

Developed data model using ERWIN as per application development team requirement and modified and generated Database object scripts from ERWIN data Model. Database objects include tables, indexes and views, integrity constraints etc.

Installed and configured multiple instances Sun JDK, Oracle Web logic Server in windows 2008 64 bit environment. This is pre-request task for various oracle products.  

Installed and configured Oracle11g software and Created repository DB(RCU).

Completed successfully Installation and configuration of 11g Grid control in physical server environments. 

Installed Oracle Grid control agent in multiple target servers and configured notification system for various windows environment targets and scheduled various jobs. Effectively used 11g GC for various administration and monitoring, cloning purpose.

Completed creating user for multiple applications and assigning appropriate privileges. 

Maintain and manage various application logs for troubleshooting and fixing various issues. 

Installed, configured and tested various security features in 11g database including ASO, database vault, Label security in Sandbox CM environment.

Day to Day DBA support for development, Test and Temporary production environment. 

Basic System admin tasks for Test VM Environment including OS user creation and assigning privileges by adding into appropriate OS group etc.

SW/HW Environment: Oracle 10g/11g Database, Oracle 10g/11g OBIEE, Oracle 11g IDM, Oracle 11g Spatial/Mapviewver, Oracle Warehouse Builder,Oracle11g  Grid Control, EM Cloud Control 12c,Oracle10g Application Server R2, Oracle 11g portal, Oracle 11g WebCenter Portal, Oracle 10g Portal ,Oracle Application Express, Oracle Fusion Middleware11g, 11g Map builder, CA Erwin, Oracle Data Pump, PL/SQL, JDBC, SQL Developer, SQL Loader, Windows server 2008/2003,Windows 7,Windows XP,VM WARE, FTP,SFT,HP and DELL, IBM servers, LAN, WAN, Firewall, Load Balancer, Routers, MS OFFICE Tools.



Client: Walter Reed Army Medical Center.  [July 2006 – March 2011]    

The Walter Reed Army Medical Center provides advanced and sub-specialty health care and services to soldiers, their families, and a large community of military retirees. The WRAMC-DOIM (Directorate of Information Management) department is responsible for the management of North Atlantic Regional Medical Command (NARMC) Web Sites and Web applications. DOIM developed, deployed and supporting multiple websites and web application throughout NARMC. 

 

Role and Responsibility: Sr. Oracle DBA/OAS Server Admin/Application Developer.   

AS a Senior DBA involved database administration, application server administration, data migration, upgrading Database and Application server and applying oracle patches using OUI, Opatch utility. 

Installed and configured Oracle 11g/10g databases for multiple applications and supported development, Test and production environment.

Involved Creating and maintaining various databases object tables, sequences, index, views, data files, table spaces other Database Objects.

Installation of Oracle Client tools and Trouble Shooting Database connection Issues between developer desktops to Development and Production oracle database servers.

Installed and configured Oracle 10g Grid control and management agent on various database and application server environments.

Installed and configured oracle CRS software and Oracle RAC database Software and successfully created multiple 10g/11g RAC databases.

Completed testing of installation and upgrading 10g to 11g RAC databases. Created multiple Databases in ASM using windows 2003 32 bit environment.

Used server control (srvctl) utility for Various RAC environment tasks such as Database, Instance, Node Apps shutdown and startup. 

Completed performance tuning in various levels. Including OS and database memory SGA, Log Buffers, Redo-log buffers other database parameters.

Supported data transfer and migration activity from one environment to another and one   department to other via LAN. Used various oracle tools like FTP, SFTP, DTS, SSIS packages and oracle export and Import, SQL loader tools.  

Used Grid control to administer and monitor development, test, and production environments. Creating and maintaining oracle physical, logical Stand by databases, Cloning database and Oracle home using Grid control. 

Setting up Oracle Application Express [HTMLDB] environment for developers. Developed sample pages. Worked with   developers for multiple applications to integrate Oracle APEX and LDAP/SSO server.

Design and developed application security module including PLSQL coding, Packages, procedure, triggers. Completed Implementing application user creation and assigning appropriate application roles and privileges.

Created multiple data model using Erwin for java based application modules. Used ER diagram to generate object creation scripts. Experienced doing reverse engineering from SQL Server and Oracle database. 

Setting up and supporting oracle Application server environment including Oracle As server, Oracle SSO, OID, Oracle portal for both development and production environment.

Developed multiple SQL scripts to support developers and  day to day DBA TASKs.

Extracting and Loading Data between databases, from flat files to databases using Oracle Data Pump EXPDP/IMPDP, SQL Loader.

Performed database Recovery during HW failure, User Error, Instance and Media Failures Using RMAN. Created oracle External Tables using Access Drivers such as ORACLE_DATA PUMP/ORACLE_LOADER.

Performed Full/Incremental backup, Restore using RMAN and also frequently took cold backup before applying patches and upgrades. 

Completed setting up Oracle snapshots and replication across different databases.

Completed ongoing Logical backup using exp/imp, data pump utility. Analyze and Resolve Database performance Issues, reliability and data quality Issues. 



Environment: Oracle 10g/11g,Oracle10g Application Server R2, Oracle 10g Portal ,Oracle Application Express, Oracle discoverer, Oracle Grid Control(Enterprise Manager),Windows 2003, FTP,SFTP,SSIS,DTS,PL*SQL, JDeveloper, Data Guard, Erwin, Oracle Data Pump, PL/SQL Developer, Oracle ODP, JDBC, SQL Developer, Visual Source Safe, SQL Server Management Studio, Oracle Recovery Manager (RMAN), Oracle/ Microsoft Business Intelligence tools, MS OFFICE Tools.

Asea Brown Boveri LTD, India. Senior Application developer/DBA [May 98-June 2002]

Asea Brown Boveri was the result of a merger between ABB of Sweden and BBC Brown Boveri Ltd. of Baden, Switzerland in 1988. The merged entity became the world’s leading supplier in the $50 billion electric power industry. At that time ABB controlled as much as a third of Europe’s business and more than 20 percent of the world market. It successfully integrated 850 subsidiary companies and 180,000 employees operating in 140 countries

	Role and Responsibility: Senior Application developer /DBA. As a Member of ABB IT Department involved following Development/DBA activities. 

Worked directly with end users to collect requirement and prepare requirement documents and system analysis, system design , development ,Testing deployment.

Completed for multiple application software modules system analysis, system design, development, testing and implementation. 

As s Member of application development and support team worked with end user to gather multiple application changes.

Successfully modified application changes and re-deployed new changes into Test and Production environment.  

	Involved extensive Back End, Front End coding including writing packages, PLSQL, stored procedure, SQL, Oracle Forms, and Triggers for various modules.

	Worked as a Lead (3 member’s team) and involved complete SDLC tasks during new financial, inventory, payroll modules Development. 

	As a DBA team member involved installation, configuration of various Oracle products and application development Tools. 

Experience in Day to day Database support, Application Database Design and performance tuning, Data loading, Transferring activity using exp/imp and Oracle loader utility. 

	Involved Creating Database, Tablespaces, application tables, Views, Indexes, triggers, Roles, maintaining system security, Controlling and monitoring user access to the database. 

	As a member of DBA team completed database performance tuning and Troubleshoot various access issues and connectivity issues for development, test and production environments. 

	Maintain application and software tools logs for trouble shooting and fixing issues.

	Environment: Oracle 7.x/8.x/9.x, Oracle Forms, Windows, Developer 2000, UNIX,SUN Server, Oracle Packages, Stored procedure, DB Triggers, PL*SQL, Report Writers, imp/exp Utilities, SQL* LOADER, Lotus Notes.

			Seenithai	Page 3\n
Benjamin Mitrani
4206 Knox Road, APT B4. College Park, MD 20740
bmitrani@bellsouth.net
786-382-6504

EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND
Student
 Major: Environmental Science and Policy
 Concentration: Society and Environmental Issues
 Major GPA: 3.9 (overall: 3.1)
 Dean’s List

College Park, MD
Class of 2017

EMPLOYMENT & RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
CHILDREN AND YOUTH LAW CLINIC
Coral Gables, FL
Intern
Summer 2015
 Assisted with legal representation of ten clients; made home visits and communicated with clinic clients
 Helped practicing attorney prepare for court
 Read and synthesized legal documents, and prepared concise summaries for attorneys
UMD CLOTHING RECOVERY AND REDISTRIBUTION
Creator/Organizer/President
 Started group on campus that collects and donates clothing to shelters
 Distributed more than 400 shirts and over 50 sweaters

College Park, MD
November 2015- Current

HUMANITY FIRST
Member
 Involved in local events and projects that aid individuals in need
 Organized, planned, and created January 2016 service trip to Haiti

College Park, MD
October 2015- present

HURRICANE JOAQUIN CHARITY DRIVE
Creator/Organizer
 Personally raised and donated money for victims of Hurricane Joaquin in the Bahamans
STUDENT PRESIDENT, RASG HEBREW ACADEMY
President of High School Student Government
 Student liaison to faculty and administration
 Planned student activities and organized fund raisers

College Park, MD
October 2015

Miami Beach, FL
August 2011- May 2012

YESHIVA UNIVERSITY MODEL UNITED NATIONS
Stamford, CT
Team Captain for High School Team
October 2010- February 2012
 Assisted in managing and preparing the team including recruiting, selecting, and training new team members,
and running weekly meetings
SKILLS, ACTIVITIES & INTERESTS
Languages: Working knowledge of Spanish, Hebrew, and Yiddish
Activities: Varsity Basketball (High School), Weightlifting, Running (competitive half-marathon time)
Stand up Comedy: create and perform original material at local ‘open mic’ events; Master of ceremonies for 500
person event

\n
Karthikesan Rajagopal

Page 6 of 10



Karthikesan Rajagopal

Page 2 of 7

Karthikesan Rajagopal

13028 Woodcutter Circle, Germantown, Maryland 20876

karthikseenu@yahoo.com  c: 240.447.9854 h: 240.686.3477  

     			Sr. Oracle IAM Engineer/Fusion mw-Database Architect

Overview: Highly accomplished professional more than 15 Year’s of IT experience in managing the design, architecture, development, administration and implementation of infrastructure projects. That includes Oracle security products, Oracle OEM(Cloud and Grid Control), databases, Oracle Fusion Middleware, Oracle content system, Business intelligent tools, Oracle web center Portal, 11g Portal/11gAS server, ETL tools, File transfer tools [TIBCO MFT] and VMware. Exceptional technical consultant with significant expertise throughout the entire project lifecycle, including defining objectives, prioritizing workflow, establishing schedules, allocating resources, and generating status reports. Talent for discerning and incorporating business-specific requirements, ensuring reliability, quality, and high performance.  

Functional area experience includes Education, Healthcare, Manufacturing and Finance.

Successfully influenced direction of IT projects through data integration architecture, modeling, and customized component development. Build solid working relationships with technical teams, senior management, and customers; facilitate teamwork throughout project engagements. Technical proficiencies include…

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Environments

 Oracle Virtual BOX,VMWARE, Red HAT Linux, Windows 2008R2, Sun Solaris, Windows 2003 Server, IBM-AIX, HP-UNIX 9.04-11.0, EMC Storage, MTi Storage, Load Balancer, Sun/HP/IBM Servers, HCL MAGNUM II, SUPER MINI, Novell Netware 

Tools

Oracle IDAM R2(11.1.2), Oracle 11g/10g/9i, Oracle OBIEE, RCU(11.x), Oracle Fusion Middleware (Weblogic 10.3.5,10.3.6), , OEM(Oracle 12c/11g/10g Grid Control), 11g Web Center Portal, Oracle 11g Portal, Oracle IDM R1 (OAM, OIM, OAAM,OID, OVD, OIF,SOA), Oracle10g AS R1/R2, SQL Server 2005/2007/7.0, Oracle OWB, Informatica, Oracle Application Express APEX 4.0, IMP/EXP Utilities, SQL*Loader, AWR, ADDM, Opatch, Oracle OUI, VERITAS Net Backup, Omni Backup, DB-Triggers, Oracle Packages, SSIS, DTS Packages, SQL*PLUS, Developer 2000, MF COBOL, SharePoint Portal 2007, SharePoint Services, Microsoft Word, Excel, Erwin, dBArtisan, Telnet, Oracle Data Pump, PL/SQL Developer, Oracle ODP, JDBC, Visual Source SafeOracle 10g Portal, SQL Server Management Studio, Oracle Recovery Manager (RMAN), Data Guard Broker, Microsoft Business Intelligence Tools, Data Junction, Oracle Wallet Manager, DBCA, 10g Oracle OID, Oracle SSO, Oracle Directory Manager, SAP, Siebel, OmniBack, Apache Server, WebSphere, OEM 2.x  

Languages

UNIX Shell Scripts (Korn Shell, Bourne shell), Oracle J-Developer, JAVA, JSP,PL/SQL, SQL, COBOL, C, HTML, XMLO, J2EE, J-Builder, Eclipse, 

Databases

Oracle, SQL Server, RCU, Metadata Repository (MR), Physical/Logical Standby Databases, Data Modeling, Database-application Security expert, Server Administration, DBA Support, Data Warehousing, Performance Tuning, Standard Development & Testing, Capacity Planning, Migrations, materialized views, partitioning, Transportable Table space, cluster indexes, Upgrades, Patches, System Design, Integrations, Backup/Recovery, Production Support     

		Professional Experience Summary

Hand on experience includes Design, develop and implement secure high availability solutions for multiple IT Infrastructure projects.

Responsible and hands on experience includes providing architecture for large IT environments which includes web based multitier SW/HW products.

Hand on experience includes setting up high availability environment of Oracle IDAM products. Including Oracle access manager and OUD,OID,OVD,AD,OAM,OIM,OAAM. 

Hands on experience design & implementing and supporting Oracle Identity and access management tools (OAAM, OID, OVD, OUD, OIM, OAM, SOA) products in Production, DR, Staging, Training, UAT environments for multiple Projects. 

Hands on experience including setting up multi-node OID/OVD servers. Migrating directory data from one environment to other. Frequent data  loading and configuration changes in Test/Prod OID/OVD environments . 

Hands on experience includes integration within IDAM products [OAM, OIM, OAAM, OID, OVD, AD, and OUD]. Integrating OAM & OIM, OAM & OAAM, OAM/OIM/OAAM both single instance & HA environments.

Hands on experience including Setting Single sign on using Oracle OAM 11g R2 on Linux/Windows environment for multiple application Web center Portal, OBIEE, 11 portal, Web center content, Siebel. 

Expert level of experience in Install and configure 10g/11g web gate agents to protect various WEB resources for authentication and authorization.

Hands On experience includes creating web gate agents, application domains, web resources, authentication and authorization policy using 11g R2/R1 OAM Console.

Hands on includes Installation & configuration of multiple front end 11g OHS servers and 11g/10g web gate software. Configured and protected multiple web resources using OAM console for authentication and   authorization. 

Strong experience in Single sign on implementation using Oracle OAM 11g R2 and Oracle Web logic and OBIEE, Web center, Oracle OUD, Active Directory, OID and OVD environment for multiple projects.

Hands experience integration between IDAM suit with OBIEE, Web Center Portal, 11g Portal, BI publisher, Oracle EB Suit, Oracle Form & Report, and Oracle Apex and also with non-oracle products TIBCO MFT.

Hands experience includes 11g Web Center Portal/Content System/OBIEE & fusion middleware administration. Including Setting up Web Center Portal with Web Center Content and deployment of Custom WEB center application into FMW environment. 

Ongoing Support for multiple WEB Center and 11g Portal environments including development, staging, production, training,DR environments.

Design, develop, manage and implement SW/HW architecture for VMWARE, Unix (LINUX) & Windows 2008 R2 environments. 

Strong hand on experience setting up for various products external SSL URL in multi-tier (web, middleware, LDAP, DB) environment. Identifying SSL certificate  for various applications and environments, coordinate with network & firewall team for required ports ,providing configuration requirement for IDAM/OBIEE/WC Portal,11g Portal, Apex, Web center  Content, Siebel etc. 

Design, develop and implement application products software architecture for Oracle Database and multiple Fusion Middleware products.

Hands on experience includes setting up Single Sign on Solution between Oracle OBIEE and Oracle WEB center portal and Oracle BI publisher and Oracle Apex and other J2EE applications.

Hands on experience in Design & develop Educational Data ware house dashboards using OBIEE & Publishing reports via Web Center Portal and contentment system.

Hands on experience migrating RPD & Catalog and Web center applications between environments [DEV/Test/Prod].

Implemented Oracle High Availability solutions for databases including Oracle RAC, Oracle Data Guard, RMAN, Oracle Replication and migrating existing databases to RAC environment. 

Hands on experience includes install and configure multiple Oracle Fusion Middleware products including 11g OBIEE,11g Portal, 11g Web Center Portal, Web Center Content System, 11g Web logic, Oracle Apex

Hands on experience in implementing Oracle Database Vault in UAT environments. Have hands on experience using Oracle database security option including Oracle advanced Security [Used packages to implement column level Encryption, Oracle TDE(10gR2), Network Encryption, Strong authentication], VPD, and knowledge of Oracle Label Security. 

Extensively Used oracle OEM Grid Control(10g/11g/12c) for performance monitoring and tuning (AWR, ADDM, ASH, Various tuning advisors), administering databases and fusion middleware, patching ,space management and monitoring 100s of Targets.  

Experience includes using Oracle Grid Control(OEM) to create and monitor standby databases, and switchover and failover process of standby databases.

Expert level experience setting up external URLs and Configuring SSL for web applications, Oracle 11g Portal, and Oracle Fusion Middleware products

Experienced using Java Key tools, open SSL, Wallet Manager for certificate management and configuring SSL for multiple components.

Implemented HA in Oracle 10g Application Server farm including load balanced Oracle 10g Application Servers, Oracle SSO, and Oracle Internet Directory (OID).

Hands On experience includes deploying, configuring and maintaining J2EE and Oracle mod_plsql applications.

Experience includes Microsoft SQL Server installation, upgrade and configuration, database administration, implementation of SQL Server Clustering, migrating databases across servers and between environments (development, test, and production). 

Experience includes exploring and recommending new technology, such as security, high availability solutions, analyzing new software product architecture and functionality, and presenting the recommendations to application owners and management team.

Hands on experience includes writing Unix/Oracle shell scripts. Creating, scheduling and maintaining AUTOSYS job using these scripts. Implemented multiple Unix/SQL script for security related self-assessment capability of production environments.

Experienced with application database design, from requirements gathering through implementation. Expert in writing and Tuning SQL, TSQL, Pl/SQL, Oracle Functions, Procedure and Packages,  Share Point Portal 2007, Oracle 10g Portal, Java, JSP, HTML,Developer-2000 ,MF-COBOL, C,SQL Plus, Pro*COBOL.  

Implemented Enterprise User Security (EUS) for data warehouse Applications (Patient Medical System) developed using APEX/Oracle BI tools.

Extensive experience working with Oracle/Microsoft support services for database, other product issues, new releases and maintaining up to date security patches. 

Experience includes 24*7 production database support and Oracle AS server support and closely monitoring and working proactively with production environment to prevent any outages (on call). 

Expert finding solutions from Oracle Support (Metalink), Microsoft support, other vendors sites and internet forums. Highly skilled in diagnosing problems and, when necessary, reproducing issues in test environments before applying to production.

Experienced in preparing Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) to support day-to-day activities for Dev/Test/production environment and major Software and hardware upgrade, releases.

Expert skills in migrating databases and applications between servers/environments for hardware upgrades, development, testing or other purposes. 

Hands on experience using ETL Tools (Informatica, Oracle Warehouse Builder, Data Junction etc.). Development using Informatica for data integration and data delivery. Worked as Informatica Developer / admin for Patient Data Warehouse. Experience includes migrating from one RDBMS to another. Hands on experience migrating Oracle Databases to SQL Server databases and vice versa.



		PROJECTS SUMMARY

Sr. IM Engineer/OID-OVD-OUD engineer, QSSI, Columbia, MD [Oct 2013 to Mar 2014].

Environment: 11g R1(OVD, OID), OUD 11gR2, OIM 11G R2, OAM 11G R2, OSB 11G, SOA Suite 11G, JDeveloper 11G,Oracle 11G, BI Publisher, WebLogic  Server 10.3.6, Linux, 11g Connector.

Project: Ongoing Development/Support activity for EIDM Tools by QSSI. 

Responsible for installation, configuration and supporting large OID/OVD/OUD environment. 

Migrating directory data between environments. Converting (flat files) and Loading data into directory servers using LDIF files.

Ongoing 24*7 support for various OID/OVD/OUD environments such as adding users, password reset, user unlock and other LDAP attribute modifications

Responsible for recommended Configuration changes and patches by Oracle.

Responsible working with Oracle Support team for performance tuning, fixing known issues.

Setting up and modifying OVD adapters to access various directory servers including OID, ODSEE, eLdap.

Completed setting up integrated VM environment for ongoing development activity Including JDK/WLS/DB/RCU/OAM/OIM/SOA/OUD/OVD

Successfully Completed Install & Configuration of multiple 11g OID in VM-Linux environments.

Migrated all data from OUD to OID and Completed Switching LDAP from OUD to OID in VM integrated Oracle IAM environment.

Migrated all data from OUD to OID and Completed Switching LDAP from OUD to OID in Development integrated Oracle IDM environment.

Installed and Configured 11g OID connectors in 11g R2 OIM environment and tested  user provisioning.

Created and uploaded to word Doc. Into SharePoint environment for OUD to OID migration.

Installed and Configured BI publisher tools in sandbox environment for SSO implementation

Success fully implemented Single Sign on using Oracle IDAM (11g OAM/11g LDAP/11g OIM) for Oracle BI Publisher product in multiple environments (Sandbox, Development Test/IMPL )environments.

Successfully completed (65%) and Working on new Application integration T-MSIS- Transformed Medicaid Statistical Information System] in QSSI EIDM environment. 



Oracle IDAM Consultant(Independent),Oracle Consulting America,USA [July 2013 to Oct 2013]

Environment:11g R2 Oracle Database, Linux, IDAM 11g R2[OAM, OIM, OAAM, OID,OUD, ODSM,VMWARE ,OBIEE, SIEBEL, Oracle Web center, Web gate 10g /11g ,Windows 2008, SQL Developer, Oracle 11g Forms and report,11g Web tier,]

Project: State of Vermont (Health Connect) - Agency of Human Services Security Implementation [August 2013 to Till date]

Responsible for installation and configuration and implementation security using Oracle IDAM products in HA Linux environment. This includes setting up multiple environments including Development, Test, staging, training, production and DR environments.

Oracle IDAM components including 11g R2 OAM, OIM, OAAM and directory services including, OVD, OUD,ODSM.

Integrate with in IDAM components that’s Integration between OAM, OIM and Integration between OAM, OIM, OAAM and OUD, OVD,ODSM.

Integration between IDAM suit products with Oracle OBIEE and Oracle Web Center products.

Setting Single sign on using Oracle OAM 11g R2 on Linux/windows for multiple applications and  environment. 

Created for multiple application web gate agents, application domains, resources, authentication, authorization policy’s to protect application resources using OAM 11g & centralized Identity store groups.[OUD LDAP].

Installed and configured oracle 11g Web tier for multiple web logic middle tier application servers and configured proxy setting.

Installed and configured 10g/11g Web gate for multiple applications and various environments applications including.

Installed and configured multiple oracle patches in for Oracle IDAM products in various environments including Test, DEV, stage, prod.

Created DB repository schemas using oracle RCU for various oracle IDAM components

Implemented user provisioning, password reset, creating and mapping groups to users using Oracle Identity Manager.

feature Installed and configure Oracle OIM for user provision and day to Identity administration

Oracle Consultant. Project: Support USDA, Beltsville, MD.[July 2013 to July 2013]

     [Two weeks assignment via Oracle Consulting America, USA]

As a senior ORACLE consultant responsible and completed setting up oracle OAM11g for single sign on to support Oracle 11g forms and reports and other applications in USDA IT environment.

Installed and configured 11g Web-tier environment and Configured Load balancing between Oracle Forms and Reports servers using oracle 11g OHS.

Responsible and completed upgrading Java 6 to Java 7 version in multiple mid-tier and front end servers.

Oracle Consultant, VIDYO, New York [May 2013 to June 2013]

As a senior ORACLE consultant responsible for setting and supporting Oracle Development/Test ,Prod environments

Successfully completed oracle 11g R2 Database on Linux environment.

Successfully completed oracle 11g r2 IDM OID/OVD on Linux environment.

Supported User provisioning and groups maintenance using ODSM in OID, AD environment.

Security/ Fusion Middleware Architect/Lead DBA (2010 –August to April 2013)

	Maryland State of Education, Baltimore, MD.	

As an Senior Technical lead responsible for design, development and implementation of software and hardware architecture for multiple RTTT (Race To the Top) Projects. 

Responsible for implementation of Application Security, database security & ensuring continuous availability of IT infrastructure environments.

Responsible for installation and configuration of High available environment using Oracle identify and access management products including 11g OAM, OIM, OAAM and OUD.

Responsible for integration within IDAM suit components [OIM,OAM,OAAM,OID,OVD] and also integrating IDAM tools with fusion middleware application OBIEE,WEB center portal, Oracle BI publisher, Oracle 11g portal and Oracle Apex and other non-oracle products those are part of SSO.

Installed & configured multiple front end 11g OHS servers and created many application Domains and 10g,11g Web gate agents to provide  Single Sign on using 11g OAM.

Configured and protected multiple web resources using OAM console for authentication and   authorization. 

Completed Single sign on using Oracle OAM 11g R2 and Oracle Weblogic and Active Directory, OID and OVD environment for multiple projects.

Responsible for implementation user provision and LDAP directory administration (OID, AD, OVD) and identity data loading from one environment to other. Support day to day application roles and user access requirement for multiple agencies throughout state of Maryland school districts.

Responsible for implementation of educational data ware house (Oracle DB) and design development of dashboards security using Oracle OIM, Fusion middleware control, Oracle BI tools & Web Center portal/11g Portal.

Responsible for installation, configuration of multiple Oracle products including IDAM R2 (OIM and OAM,OAAM,OID,OVD), 11g OBIEE, Web Center Portal, 11g Portal and 11g R2 DB, Oracle Apex, OEM-12c/11g/10g Grid Control etc. 

Assisting Operation Team technical consultants for setup and support RTTT/MLDS infrastructure Projects. 

Responsible for various application migrations (RPD, Catalog, Security schemas, DB schemas, Portal  Applications) activity between environments.[PRD/DEV/TEST] 

Supporting two Data Centers (MSDE, DPCSC) and working with external vendors, consultants, Network, sys admin, firewall teams and RTTT Management Team.



MSDE RTTT/MLDS PROJECTS: 



MLDS Center(P20 ) BI Dashboards/Portal Security (IDAM/OAAM) implementation [Test /Production environment]

Coordinated and Worked with Data center technical teams (system admin, network, security) to get required VMware environment and servers for Oracle IDAM R2 (OAM, OIM, OAAM) and Oracle LDAP (AD,OID, OVD)  implementations.

Completed installation & configuration of repository Databases for Oracle Identity and Access management products. Created required Database schemas Using 11G RCU.

Completed installation and configuration of Fusion middleware (Weblogic, JRocket) tools for IDM products. Completed installation and configuration of Oracle LDAP Tools [AD, OID, OVD].

Completed installation and configuration of access management tools in high available environment [OAM, OIM, OAAM]

Completed integration and configuration with in Oracle IDAM (OAM & OIM,OAM,OIM,OAAM) tools. 

Completed Integration between OAM & OIM  and Integration between OAM, OIM, OAAM.

Completed integration and Single Sign on between Oracle OAM/OAAM with oracle OBIEE.

Completed integration and Single Sign on between Oracle OAM/OAAM with oracle Web Center Portal and BI Publisher, Oracle Apex. 

Created and assigned required privileges for applications users using OIM. Also loaded 1000’s of users using LDIF files and LDAP commands.

Coordinated and completed configuration of HTTPS external URLs for IDAM products and 11g Portal, Web Center, OBIEE, Content system and other Middleware tools. 

MSDE RTTT(Raise To The Top) WEBCENTER PORTAL & CONTENT SYSTEM Admin support.

Identified number of server requirements and sizing individual servers for WEBCENTER environment.

Produced 3 tier Architecture Diagram for Web Center Portal and Content System environment.

Installed and configured multiple instances of Oracle Web Center Portal and Oracle Content system.(11.1.1.5). Including Database install and web logic install and managed server creations.

Installed and configured front end tier Oracle OHS server and web gate agent to integrate WEB center suit with Oracle IDM suit for application security and Single Sign on.

Successfully Installed HTTPS URL(SSL) for WEBCENTER environment to access externally these environments

Integrated Web Center with Content system and configured all components of Content System in development and Production Environment.

Produced Custom Web Center application deployment steps from DEV to Prod and created multiple instances of Managed server for application deployment.



MSDE OEM implementation[10g/11g Grid Control & 12c Cloud Control]

Implemented in MSDE environment to support multiple agencies Oracle OEM for Enterprise Monitoring, Application Management, Database Management, Middleware Management, performance tuning and patching and maintaining day to DBA tasks.

Architecture and Installed, configured multiple instances of 10g and 11g grid control and 12c Cloud control for different agencies development and prod environments.

Installed and configured pre-request items for OEM including database and Web logic.

Installed and Configured Agents on multiple Linux and Windows Servers.

Extensively Used Oracle OEM for Day to day administration and monitoring of 100s of target including Databases/Fusion middleware and scheduled email and beeper alert for ongoing monitoring for critical targets.

Installed and configured multiple plug-in in OEM environment.

Supported  sizing OEM servers and created external accessible URL for Grid Control Environment non-MSDE agencies. 





MSDE K12 Environment BI Dashboards/Portal & Security (IDAM/OAAM) implementation

Completed architecture and install, configuration of Production/UAT environment IDM R1 [OAM, 

Consolidated all users into one OID repository. Completed integration between Oracle OAM and OIM. Completed Integration between Oracle OAM and OIM and OAAM.

Coordinated and completed configuration of  HTTPS external URLs for IDM products and other Middleware tools. 

Completed integration between IDM/OAAM with multiple fusion middleware products including and Oracle Web Center Content, OBIEE, 11g Portal, Oracle Apex etc.

Development Environment at MSDE datacenter

Installed and configured multiple Oracle products for providing development environments including Oracle 10g Portal/AS server, Oracle OBIEE and Oracle 11g Databases, Oracle APEX 

Interconnect between two Datacenters [MSDE, DPSCS]

Coordinated and worked with two data center technical teams, management team, Operation division management team regarding Secure Datacenter Interconnect

Completed Technical Requirement Document regarding Interconnect and completed as per the documents all technical specification. 

DPSCS Data Center  K12/P20/MHEC/State State  

Co-ordinate and Work with DPSCS Data center technical, management, RTTT Management team regarding various RTTT/MLDS infrastructure projects.

Completed HW/SW application products requirement documents for VMware and Windows environment. Environments have independent network segments and secure three-tier architecture: web tier, application tier, and database tier.

Completed technical architecture document and Software Installation and Configuration Procedure document which support Oracle OBIEE, Oracle Portal, Web Center Portal, Oracle 11g Portal, Oracle IDM/OAAM, TIBCO MFT, External HTTPS URL.

Installed and configured Oracle 11g R2 (OAM/OIM/OAAM ) in high available environment for both windows and Linux.

Installed and configured Multiple Fusion middleware products including Oracle 11g Portal, Oracle 11g IDM  and Oracle 11g Weblogic,11g OAAM, Oracle Web Center Content System, Web Center Portal, Oracle Apex.

Content  Management Portal using 11g Portal

Coordinate and architecture HW/SW environment for 11g Portal to develop Portal Content System.

Completed integration and external URL for new 11g Portal environment.

Designed and developed LDAP scripts for bulk loading users into LDAP directory.

Completed tuning the Portal/IDM environment 

Oracle Application Security, Middle-Tier Admin/ Senior Database Architect 

[2002-June to 2010-August]

	Matrix Management System, Inc. – Washington, DC / McLean, VA

Served as Senior Oracle DBA supporting multiple Oracle and SQL Server databases; provide consultative DBA support within development, production, staging, and test environments. Communicate extensively with customers to define requirements and devise database solutions. Perform complex coding and testing; adhere to FMAC standards while developing scripts. Maintain, upgrade, and monitor large databases; troubleshoot and resolve daily production issues. Configure and schedule database backups; create standby databases and install software tools for production and development activities. Selected projects include…

Freddie Mac Baseline Security Configuration: Coded, tested, and implemented multiple UNIX/Oracle SQL shell scripts that ran across numerous Oracle servers from a central UNIX server in order to provide a security monitoring feature in an Oracle production environment.

Performed extensive shell scripting that included collecting security violation reports, SOP violations, monitoring requirements, and backup/ restore requirements.

Instrumental in storing all scripts in a centralized database repository; efforts aided in quickly generating various reports and using historical storage data for repeatable issues, thereby reducing coding times and errors during scripting.

Successfully met all 48 security monitoring/ shell scripting requirements; completed project 2-weeks ahead of schedule.

Supported installation and configuration of development environment for 1.5 TB Oracle database for Blade logic product database.

Walter Reed Army Medical Center (WRAMC) Hardware Migration: Facilitated move to new hardware by setting up new servers from scratch, upgrading Oracle databases, Oracle AS Servers, SQL Servers, and Grid Control 10G R3, configuring data guard, and developing multiple standby databases. 

Successfully setup parallel environments and migrated data from existing database servers to new servers; deployed applications to new environment, ensuring optimal functionality.

Configured and implemented numerous SQL Server 2005 instances and Oracle software; designed and developed application databases, and configured Metadata Repository (MR) database, SSO and OID homes.

Moved application database schemas to new database server; minimized downtime by effectively switching network configuration to upgraded environment.

Created physical and logical standby databases; planned and scheduled backup jobs, developed backup script, and wrote disaster recovery standard operating procedures.

WRAMC Oracle RAC Implementation: Spearheaded design and implementation of RAC; collaborated with various technical teams to install and configure networking, interconnect between RAC nodes, and EMC Storage Area Network (SAN), and SAN storage space allocation for databases. 

WRAMC Oracle Security/Application Server: Lead setup of high availability 10gAS Server Farm that included 10 servers, 2 network load balancers and SAN Storage; documented all configurations and procedures.

Installed and configured Metadata Repository database for Oracle infrastructure, Oracle Internet Directory (OID) LDAP Servers, Oracle Single Sign-On (SSO) Servers, and 10g AS mid-tier servers, and configured Active Directory to OID Connector in order to synchronize users.

Transitioned J2EE applications from existing into a load balanced environment.

WRAMC Microsoft SQL Server: Served as Database Administrator; configured and installed multiple Microsoft SQL Server instances, and migrated databases from development to production environment.

Researched and analyzed high availability options, including SQL Server clustering, mirroring, and log shipping; documented findings and presented to application owners and senior management team.

WRAMC Learning Management System: Played key role in development of this in-house system focused on providing training/ educational requirements for military personnel and contractors; held full accountability for data modeling and logical/ physical database design as Senior DBA. 

Designed security module, assisted with PL/SQL coding, and developed application system user enrollments, role assignments, and password procedures.

Configured and implemented separate Oracle 10g RAC database for application. 

WRAMC Medical Data Warehouse: Managed administrative tasks as ETL Administrative Developer; designed, configured, installed, and maintained repository.

Created physical structure for staging area, conducted data analysis for source systems, developed ETL process, and created mappings, sessions, and workflows; project provided a centralized repository for patient data across the enterprise.

WRAMC Oracle Apex Implementation: Led setup of Oracle Apex(HTMLDB 1.6 to APEX 3.x) development and production environment. 

 Developed and deployed small to mid-size Apex(HTMLDB) application for hospital. Installed and configured oracle SSO for all APEX applications. 

Moved Apex Applications from development to prod and Oracle Apex Admin for multiple WRAMC projects.

WRAMC Migration Project: Migrated data from Oracle 9i, SQL Server 2000/2005, and Microsoft Access legacy systems to Oracle and SQL Server databases.

Maintained, monitored, and supported several large databases; upgraded Oracle databases from version 10.1 to 10.2, and implemented quarterly Oracle Critical Patch Updates.

SENIOR CONSULTANT, [2001-June to 2002-June]

	QWEST Cyber Solutions (QCS) – Dallas, Texas 



Managed more than 25 Oracle Servers and 55 databases as Senior Oracle DBA; provided 24x7 database administration and support. Conducted performance tuning and database upgrades for various application databases. Handled various database administrative tasks; resolved assigned trouble tickets, and updated/ maintained ticket status. Wrote RMAN and shell scripts for backup, restore, tuning, and recovery activities. Partnered with various technical teams to manage patch implementations, application/ database upgrades, and backup/ restore assignments. Selected projects include… 

Oracle Database Administration: Installed, upgraded, and administered Oracle databases, including the implementation of patches within the test and production environment.

Interacted with Oracle support team to troubleshoot and resolve production issues, ensuring minimal downtime.

Developed and updated TAR, facilitating optimal functionality and performance. 

Database Backup Strategy: Planned and coordinated a detailed database backup and restore procedure.

SENIOR CONSULTANT / ORACLE DBA, [2000-Feb to 2001-May]

	march FIRST – San Francisco, California 

Created, installed, maintained, and optimized databases; managed all aspects of Oracle database administration; enhanced connectivity by configuring client and server systems. Worked with Oracle support team to quickly identify and resolve database issues; defined software upgrade requirements. Collaborated with development team members to implement changes in data models and databases; generated reports detailing database metrics. Selected project… 

Database Design: Substantially improved data management by creating production database design IO Distribution, sizing table spaces, tables, indexes and rollback segments, tuning memory, and configuring file parameters, which effectively organized database structure.

Developed logical and physical data model utilizing Erwin tools, Generated scripts to create objects within the database.

ORACLE DBA, [1998-October to 1999-Feb] American Century – Kansas City, Kansas ,USA.

Held full accountability for configuring, installing, and upgrading Oracle software. Performed both physical and logical database design tasks; maintained databases, ensuring optimal functionality. Developed script for in-house DBA; tested and implemented scripts for backups, restores, monitoring, and tuning.

Provided technical support for Oracle databases within various UNIX environments, including HP, Sun, and AIX. Designed, installed, and upgraded highly functional databases; maintained database objects and renamed databases/ data files. Created, modified, and maintained DBA scripts in order to monitor backup activities. Collaborated with Oracle Technical Support team.  

Hardware Upgrade: Designed and setup new Production Server / Database, which streamlined operations; planned and coordinated data migration from old systems to new database.

Oracle Developer – ABB Ltd.,Chennai -India (1996-january to 1998 October)

Member of in-house software development team with ABB Ltd, india. Wrote sql and Plsql programs and oracle forms programs for in-house finance and Hr department application needs. 

Programmer Analyst – Elcot Software, Ltd., CHENNAI-India (1993-May to 1996-January) 

Developed and deployed banking application using Mf-Cobol. Responsible for implementation of this banking application PACKAGE TO multiple Bank locations.

 Education & Credentials 

Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering & Science – 1993 

-Madurai Kama raj University, Madurai, India

Professional Development:

CompTIA Security Certification ~ Advanced Diploma in Oracle Database Administration



Client/Server Training: Oracle & Forms ~ SharePoint 2007 Training

Application System Administration: Oracle-Financials 11.x

Oracle RAC Implementation, Oracle Application & DB Security, 10gAS Server, Oracle Application Express  

Security Clearance: Public Trust Clearance (SF-85P) 







continued…\n
ANKITA KAKALASARIA
kankita1@umbc.edu | (301)-803-8631 |LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/akaklasaria
4767 Belwood Grn Arbutus Baltimore – 21227 | My Blog: kankita1.wordpress.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
 Information Systems Masters candidate at UMBC, seeking summer internship opportunity.
 Enthusiastic and driven IT professional with two years of experience in providing excellent technical support.
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, Baltimore County
Expected Spring 2017
Master of Science in Information Systems, GPA: 3.67
Fall’15 Courses: Human Centered Computing, Project Management and Information Systems Environments.
Spring’16 Courses: System Analysis and Design, Advanced Database Design and Decision Support Systems.
Visvesvaraya Technological University, Bangalore, India
Jun 2013
Bachelor of Engineering in Information Systems
Relevant Courses: Database Design, Data Mining, Data Structures, Computer Organization and Software Engineering.
TECHNOLOGY SKILLS
 Programming Languages: C, C++, Java, Python
 Databases : MySQL, Oracle
 Other technologies: HTML, CSS,XML, MS Office 2013
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Hewlett-Packard Global Soft Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore, India
Technical Solutions Engineer

Aug 2013-Jul 2015

 Provided courteous technical support for hardware, software and network issues to HP's customers and onsite engineers.
 Employed process improvements that reduced the lead time for issue resolution by 30%, enabling the team members to
expedite customers’ issues.
 Applied advanced troubleshooting techniques to provide unique solutions to customers' individual needs.
 Devised initiatives which resulted in cost savings for HP – by reducing turnaround time, computer parts usage and increasing
issue resolution in first call.
 Provided insights for senior management by analyzing customer issues and building ad-hoc reports and dashboards.
 Managed an intensive boot camp for newly recruited hires which involved training across different HPs products and services.

Awards:
 Two time recipient of ‘HP Stack Topper’ award for resolving the highest percentage of customer issues. Fall ’13, Spring’ 14
 Received ‘HP Customer Service Excellence’ award for achieving highest customer satisfaction.
Fall ’14
 Featured in HP’s internal magazine for delivering best training experience for fresh college graduates.
Spring ‘14
CERTIFICATION
 EMC2 Certified Cloud Infrastructure and Services Associate (EMCCIS).
RESEARCH PROJECT AND PAPER PRESENTATION
 Construction of Compiler for C-Minus Language: Implemented each phase of a compiler efficiently using open hashing
technique in C language.
 "Exploring Power Management techniques in Cloud Computing using Green Algorithm". Paper presented at technical
symposium ELECTRAMA, East Point College of Engineering and Technology, Bangalore, India April 2009.
LEADERSHIP AND COMMUNITY EXPERIENCE
Student coordinator - Placement Cell, East Point College of Engineering and Technology
 Liaised with external trainers to organize technical & soft skills training for students and in conducting mock interviews.
 Played a pivotal role in organizing campus interviews on placement day for tier 1 and tier 2 organizations.
 Built and maintained a database to track placement related data of students.
Secretary, Student committee, East Point College of Engineering and Technology
 Coordinated end to end fundraising, marketing and event promotion activities.
 Volunteer, HP Volunteers - Participated in creating social and environmental awareness activities twice a month.

\n
WILLIAM J. CASE
9 Fraternity Row, College Park, MD 20740 | wjcase@umd.edu | 443-878-3616

EDUCATION

University of Maryland, College Park
Finance & International Business

Expected Graduation- May 2018

GPA: 3.65
Primannum Honor Society

WORK
EXPERIENCE

Sales Associate Ace Hardware




Sold over $100,000 of equipment in 2015, the highest amount for part
time employees
Responsible for training new employees on POS systems and sales
techniques
Assist with inventory reporting and counting cash drawers

Marketing Intern Synergem Technologies




LEADERSHIP

May- August 2015

Conducted market research for new technology solutions in the Public
Safety sector, including pricing, market positioning and competitive
offerings
Worked with sales and product management to analyze the social media
strategies used by competitors in the industry

Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity- Epsilon Delta Chapter
Alumni Director








April – November 2015

Ensured fraternity met University and Inter Fraternity Council expectations
Planned a variety of events to fill programming requirements

Healthy Howard Team Leader


December 2015- Current

Serve as a member of the executive board
Coordinate with alumni and foster involvement through events

Expectations Officer

CLUBS &
ACTIVITIES

March 2012- Current

June-August 2014, 2015

Directed a team of volunteers every Sunday in setting up and running
“Healthy Howard” event
Led group exercises and sports games

Community of Aspiring Shareholders, Business Leadership in Society,
Business Club Golf, Intramural Soccer, Basketball, Volleyball, and Flag
Football

\n
TANVI SHAH
College Park, MD 20740; 224-805-9275;tanvi.shah@rhsmith.umd.edu; https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanvishah2015
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science, Focus Area: Information Systems
K.J. Somaiya College of Engineering (KJSCE), Mumbai University, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Major: Computer Science

December 2016

2013

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Accenture Services Private Limited, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
2013-2015
Associate Software Engineer (18 Months)
 Pioneered agile development approach as a TIBCO BusinessWorks developer to build three services: credit
check, cell phone number allocation, cell phone plans and contracts.
 Analysed and debugged high priority TIBCO defects in multiple testing environments as part of two members
defect fix team thereby revamped quality of code by 40%.
 Finished Accenture Retail Industry Generalist Certification to grasp Retail Industry and understand client
better, boosting throughput by 20%.
 Co-ordinated with DevOps team, Java builds team and test team to make improvements in code reducing
defect rate by 20%.
 Designed two API documents and made changes in the Software Design Description documents as guided by
onshore team and client.
 Reported improvements and gaps in software leading to development of four new workflows in existing code.
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
2015
 Coursework in Progress: Data Models and Decision making (Regression, Optimization, Hypothesis)
Database Management System, Managing Digital Business Markets, Data Networks and Infrastructure.
 Coursework (Spring 2016): Big Data, Data Mining and Predictive Analysis, Strategic and Transformational
IT, Business Process Analysis for IS, Project Management in Dynamic Environments.
LEADERSHIP
Smith Master Student Association (SMSA)
2015
Student Ambassador
 Co-ordinated with 34 member team to organize SMSA events to bridge cultural gap between international
students.
University Book Centre (Barnes & Noble)
2015
Bookseller
 Worked with customers to understand requirement and fulfil orders; improving communication, requirement
gathering and client understanding skills.
Students’ Council, KJSCE
2011-2012
Treasurer
 Budgeted, managed and organized Annual Inter College Cultural Festival with participants from 50+
universities participating in different competitions; increased participation by 40%.
 Interacted and interceded with more than 150 business professionals from different industrial sectors;
enhanced personal communication and presentation skills.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 Software skills: C++, Core Java (Spring Framework , EJB , Servlets) , Tableau , Excel
 Databases: MySQL, Oracle, Microsoft SQL server.
 Hobbies and Interests: Swimming, Basketball, Physical fitness exercises outdoor activities (trekking,
marathons).

\n
Samyak Shah
3406 Tulane Drive #21, Hyattsville MD 20783
EDUCATION

(240)-360-6597

samyak.shah@rhsmith.umd.edu

Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Aug 2015- Dec 2016
Master of Science (MS) - Information Systems GRE: 325/340; GPA: 3.56/4
Data Networks and Infrastructure(A),Database Management System(A),Managing Digital Markets(A), Data Models and Decisions,
Big Data ,Data Mining and Predictive Analytics, Business Process Analysis, Strategic IT
K J Somaiya College of Engineering, University of Mumbai
Jul 2011-May 2015
Bachelor of Engineering-Computer Engineering –First Class
Publications – ‘SomeWhat Homomorphic Encryption with Key management Protocol’ And ‘Big data analytics using R’
EXPERIENCE
Anthem Inc, Mason, Ohio – Database and Data analytics intern
Jun 2016- Aug 2016
 Build reports and dashboards in Tableau regarding Capacity Planning and Performance measurement of Oracle databases and servers
and publish them on the Tableau Server.
 Develop internal dashboard on Oracle APEX for application development teams to monitor database performance.
RAK Commodities, Mumbai, India - Analyst Intern

Jun 2014-Jul 2014

 Provided Commodities Analysis and valuation to 20 valued customers of firm
 Performed Data Analysis using Excel – Vlookup, Macros, Pivot tables and mark-to market calculation helped to increase prediction
accuracy of commodities pricing
PROJECTS
Encryption on Cloud Computing
Jul 2014-Jun 2015
 Somewhat Homomorphic Encryption On Cloud -Achieved Encryption on Amazon Web Services DynamoDB NoSQL cloud database
using Java with AWS SDK reducing time taken for query processing on encrypted data following Software Development Lifecycle
 Prepared Software Requirement Specification (SRS) document, Software Architecture, Project Management Plan and Testing and User
manual, Change management documents using Rational rose and Visio
Client- based project following Scrum Methodology
Feb 2016- May 2016
 Acting as the Business Analyst and responsible for the requirements gathering, preparing user stories, task board, Scrum documents
and also build a report including UML diagrams, business processes and managing the team.
Customer Care Database management

Sep 2015-Dec 2015

 Built a suite with a database backend on SQL Server 2012 with tables, views, transactional queries and frontend on Salesforce.com
using reports, dashboards, views, workflow rules, validation rules, permission sets and page layouts for banking data
Data mining and Predictive Analytics using R

 Working on the Rossman Stores Dataset to analyze the data using KNN, naïve bayes, Classification and regression algorithms and
predict the store sales for 7 weeks.
LEADERSHIP
Youth Vision Consultant, Hanoi, Vietnam
Jun 2013- Jul 2013
 Planned and managed ‘Vietnam Youth Icon’ project including four day camps and an event named International Youth Day. Worked
with 15 interns from 12 different countries for a month and catered to around 150 delegates
AIESEC Navi Mumbai, India
Feb 2013-Feb 2015
 Arranged Youth Leadership Conference being Core Committee (Logistics) in February 2015 in Silvassa, India catering to 400 delegates
from all over country
 Led a team of 5 people as Team Leader Human Resources from January 2014-December 2014 and was responsible for talent planning,
acquisition, training and retention and managed around 40 employees
 Acted as Team Leader International Student Exchange (Social) January 2013- June 2013 and increased number of exchanges by 250%
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 Technical: Java, C++, HTML, SQL, Salesforce.com, Tableau, R, SAS, Wireshark, Microsoft Excel, Statistical tools( @Risk,
PrecisionTree, StatTools, SolverTable) , Visio, Rational Rose, Python, SharePoint, Hadoop(Impala, Pig, Hive) [May 2016], Spark[May
2016], Microsoft Project Management, MS Access, Weka, MicroStrategy,

 Online courses: Intermediate R, , Data analysis in R, Machine Learning in R, Software Processes and Agile practices, Amazon Web
Services- Big Data Technology Fundamentals, Hadoop Application and Development Framework.

\n
WebLogic Administration

   Srinadh Reddy Gontu

Email: gontusrinadhreddy@gmail.com				   Phone: 510 -458-1240

	PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY	

Dedicated and hardworking professional having around 4+ years of IT industry experience in the field of Client/Server Applications and Middleware Server Administration.

4+ years of industry experience in BEA Weblogic Application server 7.x/8.x/9.x/10.x administration under heterogeneous environments like UNIX, RHEL, SUN Solaris 8.0, 9.0, 10.0, IBM AIX and Windows NT .

Excellent working knowledge of Operation & Production Support with large mission critical systems in multiple technologies and platforms including WebLogic, Apache, JBoss, WebSphere, UNIX, Windows NT, and Oracle.

Extensively worked on BEA WebLogic 8.x, 9.x, 10.x,11 Server, Apache http Server, Apache Tomcat Server as administrator for Server Installations, Configuration, Application components deployment, performance tuning including troubleshooting and maintenance.

Installed and configured WebSphere Application Server 6.0.

Provided 24x7 on call support in production environment on rotation basis.

Excellent working knowledge in configuring multiple Weblogic domains including machines, manage servers, node managers and cluster environments.

Deployed various WAR, JAR, EAR and J2EE applications on managed servers and in clustered environment usingConsole or auto deployment scripts in stage and production.

Configured and administered JDBC Connection pools and JMS Connection Factories and implemented other services like JNDI and SNMP.

Expertise in migration and up gradation of Weblogic Server and updating JDK versions, applying patches and installing service packs for Weblogic server.

Excellent working knowledge in finding Memory Leaks and adjusting JVM Heap Size and Garbage Collector parameters during performance monitoring and performance tuning of WebLogic server.

Extensive hands-on experience in setting up multiple clusters and implementing Load Balancing, High Availability andFailover functionality.

Configuration of WebLogic proxy plug-in and applications on servers like Apache 2.0 HTTP Server, Apache 2.2 HTTP Server ,Apache TOMCAT 5.x, 6.0 and Sun One (Iplanet) 6.0 , 7.0.

Extensive experience in configuring and managing secured environments using SSL and digital certificates.

Installed and configured Wily agent, Wily enterprise manager and Introscope Workstation andprovide application monitoring and measurement using Wily Introscope, HP OV.

Experience in creating and running cronjobs for scheduled jobs.

Developed startup and shutdown scripts for the Weblogic servers.

Configured weblogic JDBC connection pools with databases like Oracle 9i/8i, My SQL, MS SQL Server, MS Accessand DB2.

Coordinated with Oracle/BEA to resolve issues related with BEA WebLogic products.

Excellent problem solving skills with a strong technical background and good communication and interpersonal skills. Self motivated and a good team player.



	TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Web/Application Servers: BEA WebLogic Server 8.1/9.2/10.3,11g,12c, Apache Server 2.0.x/2.2.x, JBoss Server 3.x/4.x/5.x, Tomcat Server 5.5/6.0, Sun ONE/iPlanet 6.0/7.0.

Development technologies:

Scripting Languages: WLST, Shell Script,Python

Tools: LoadRunner, JMeter 

Databases: Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11i, DB2, Sybase, Point Base, MySQL, SQL server and MS Access 

Protocols: REST,TCP/IP, FTP, SSH, RDP, SMTP, SOAP, SOA, HTTPS and HTTPS

Operating systems: UNIX, Linux, AIX, Solaris and Windows NT/2003/2008.



	EXPERIENCE



NC Department of Transportation, Raleigh, NC	                                      Dec 2015-Present

Role: Weblogic Administrator



RESPONSIBILITIES:

Installed, Configured and administered Oracle WebLogic Server 10.0 MP1,10.0 MP2, 12c,11g and Webservers likeiPlanet/Apache in Development, Test and Production Environments.

Deployed applications (WAR, JAR and EAR) using WLST

Maintained Load balancing, high availability and Fail over for the servers

Installed and Configured Apache Plug-ins for WebLogic.

Installed and configured Siteminder.

Configured and created JMS queues & topics ,Connection Factories, Datasources, connections pools & multi connection pools.

Extensively involved in Tuning the server.

Set up Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) communication between Apache and the WebLogic Application Server.

Writing various posting scripts for log rotation, log analysis.

Migrated WebLogic Server applications from existing version 8.1/9.2 to 10.0 MP2.

Involved in performance tuning of JVM and used Garbage collection Algorithms for better performance.

Monitor and managing the weblogic server instances using WSLT and also for the automation purpose.

Involved in trouble shooting and fixing day-to-day problems of the applications in production, production-Fix and testing environments.

Configured LDAP using directory Server for user authentication

Installed BEA patches using SmartUpdate tool, and troubleshooting application and post- installation issues.

Installed and Configured Wily Introscope and to monitor weblogic servers.

Provided 24x7 on-call support for production / non production environments.



Environment: WebLogic server 8.1/9.2/10.0,11g MP2,HPserver automation tool , J2EE,Apache 2.2, Sunone,Sun Solaris, RedHat Linux 6, Anthill,Oracle 10g, MQ client 6.0, Wily7.2.5/8.2.3,Remedy, Jms, JRockit , WLST.









Wissen Infotech, Bangalore, India						May 2013- Aug 2015

Role: Weblogic Administrator



Project Description: Hosted Technology Solutions provides information security, accessibility, and support to Healthcare organizations. Healthcare providers that seek to minimize their IT initiatives, costs ecological footprint. Hosted Technology Solutions (HTS) develops, implements, and supports IT capabilities that organize financial, administrative, and patient care information. Dedicated HTS and Technical Services experts across Data Management, Networking, Security, and Compliance collaborate to make each client's unique objectives a reality.



RESPONSIBILITIES:

Deploying web applications in Non-Prod and Production Environments

Support web server and application server around the clock 24*7

Coordinating with Application and DB teams during DB migrations and up gradations.

Configuration of Application URL for the first time deployment of application

Creation and updating of JDBC data source at Application Server end

Working with Monitoring team and configuring uptime and disk space alerts to new and upgraded servers.

Setting cronjobs for particular applications in Non-Prod and Production environments.\n
Douglas Mason



 





Douglas  is an information technology professional with over 14years of experience. He specializes in Oracle Database Administration and in Oracle Applications including installations and upgrades from various versions through 12c Releases and R12 eBusiness. In addition, he excels in database, development and application tuning. His skill set includes Oracle DBA, Oracle Applications DBA and OracleWeblogic/FMW Administration, Oracle SSO using OAM/OID/AccessGate/AD/WNA for EBS and non-EBS applications, MarkView and applicable SSO implementations. Hadoop (BigData) with various eco-systems, Replications using DataGuard and/or GoldenGate and Endeca, AWS,  EBS migration to AWS - AMI.

An accomplished and results oriented team lead with proven track record of performance in technology, infrastructure and with operations team. Philip has been a member of IT Leadership and IT Core Teams for multiple implementation/upgrades including Oracle E-business suite 11i, R12, R12.2, DB Upgrade Specialist 11i, 12c etc, Oracle SSO (OIM, OAM, OID, AD, WNA, AccessGate/WebGate) and SSL, AWS migrations (iCloud provisioning),implementation and upgrades. Possesses strong interpersonal skills and collaborate effectively with customers, technical staff, management, and vendors while delivering quality projects on time and on budget. 

 

Summary

 

Served as an Oracle Applications DBA at over 20 different clients since May 1997. Responsible for installation, upgrades, patches, TAR support, database tuning, concurrent manager administration, cloning and Oracle Apps SYSADMIN functions. Duties included database creation, database tuning/reorganization, DB/SQL statement tuning, backup/recovery, general troubleshooting, fire fighting, developer/integrator relations, script development, documentation and DBA mentoring and training for junior DBAs. SSO OAM/OID (v11.1.2.3/1.1.1.9) integration with iPlanet and e-business and SSL configuration 

Re-platformed Oracle DB and Applications from Solaris to Linux on several occasions – adhoc projects. 

Implemented, Installed new R12 and upgraded several 11i eBusiness at various clients. The versions range from to 11i, R12 12.1.3 and 12.2.x

Oracle Fusion Applications (Customer Relationship Management, Financials, Human Capital Management & Supply Chain Management) 

Designed and implemented Oracle Financials E-Business Suite Release 12.1 on Oracle 11g R2 RAC on Exadata with multiple modules of Oracle E-Business R12 environments. 

Performed numerous Oracle Database and Tools upgrades from RDBMS version 9 through 12c.

Performed numerous application and database tuning assignments on Oracle Applications, legacy, custom and third party systems including Endeca (Oracle Commerce) Rel 3.1  scripts -Formally ATG.

On various occasions, minimized development downtime and resource time by automating Oracle Applications maintenance through cloning, patching and migration procedures via shell scripts and enabling developers with complex development tasks i.e RICE components.  

As a well-versed Principal Oracle DBA and Apps DBA, with extensive knowledge and experience, has the technical and communication skills to be a great addition to an organization. 

Extremely versed with Oracle EBS 11i to R12, upgrades, migration and support/maintenance including architectures, ETLs and SSO/SSL associated with EBS infrastructure. 

Tasked with POC on Hadoop to enable HUD Data processing. Created and configured HDFS Servers and associated HDFS scripts and API for maintaining various data types in Hadoop.  Hadoop tools used are Cloudera, Hortonworks, Cassandra and Ambari on AWS cloud servers. 

Deep expertise and hands on experience on installation, deployment, administration of Hadoop on large scale cluster implementations. 

Implemented Hadoop eco systems such as HBase, HDFS, Map-Reduce, Pig, Hive and others. 

Deep expertise in building big data platforms, such as Hadoop, on cloud infrastructure, such as AWS, OpenStack. 

Oracle Fusion Apps – Governance, Risk and Compliance.

Developed various operational scripts for monitoring Databases, EBS Tech Stacks, WebLogic Admin and managed Services and logs in WLST, Unix Scripts and SQL. 

Developed operational scripts to argument DIP/ODSMsynchronization and provisioning profiles for AD/OID/EBS.

Developed operational scripts to manage OID users and EBS using ldap, oidprovtool, SQL and unix. Most scripts are often scheduled for critical business operations.

Developed strategic scripts for EBS migration to Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud platform.

 

Education

 

Morgan State University, Baltimore, MD

MS, Logistics (TRSP) & Information Systems

Shaw University, Raleigh, NC

BS in Accounting & Information Systems

 

Certifications:

 

SOA (FMW) Administration/Architecture Certification and Training, Chicago, IL. 

Module Certifications (GL,PO,AP, INV) Oracle University, Chicago, IL 

DBA Certifications (Database Administrations/Architecture) Oracle University, Chicago, IL 

SOA Advance Administration; HADOOP -Big Data Training with AWS; syncSort, Cassandra and cloudera Hadoop. 

OracleWeblogic 11g, 12c and Oracle DB 12c and OEM.

Standard training in iCloud provision using AWS and leveraging various storage

 

Training:

 

Maintain currency by participating in Oracle Technical Network including its blogs, webinars and online seminars 

Act as mentor and contributor on upgrades to the OTN body of knowledge (2002 to Present) 

De facto certified in Oracle Apps, Oracle eBusiness, and Oracle Databases, SOA (Fusion Middleware &JDeveloper).

 

Technicalskills

 

Database & ERP Core Skills:Oracle DBA (Core, Oracle Apps) Development: Unix, RICE: Functional Configuration (HRMS, OTL, OTM, OAB and Payroll) Oracle E-Business Suite Release R12.x.x, 11i, 11.5.10, 11.5.8, 11.0.3 Financials (GL, AP, AR, FA) Procurement (OE, Inventory, iStore, Configuration) HRMS (HR, Payroll, OTL, SSHR, OAB, OTA), SunGuard 

Database:Oracle 8x, 9i, 10g, 11g, SQL SERVER 2000/2005, 12c (AWS iCloud), Cloudera & Hortonworks (Hadoop) 

Fusion Apps:Oracle Fusion Applications – Financials, Procurement, Supply Chain Management. 

Operating Systems:HP-UX 11.0, AIX 6.0, Solaris 10.6, RH EL 4.0 to 7.0, Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 and Window Server 2007 to latest. 

Performance Tuning: OEM (adviser), Explain Plan, TKPROF, AWR ADDR, DBStats, FNDStats etc.

DBA, SOA & Dev. Tools:Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), Grid Control, RMAN, RAC, SQL, SQL*Loader, Forms, Reports, SSO OAM/OID(v11.1.2.3/1.1.1.9), SSL, TOAD, Sql Navigator, Reports & Forms 4.5, 6i, 9i & OC4J, JSP, OBIEE, PL/SQL, UNIX Scripts, Oracle Discoverer, Fusion Middleware (FMW –Weblogic, B2B, OBIEE and Identity Manager -OAM), JDeveloper, Eclipse, Java. Oracle SOA/DB 10g to 11g. 

Expertise in all major versions of technology stack including Database,iAS, Forms, Reports, PL/SQL, Java, Enterprise Manager, SOA, Weblogic and JVM with SSO and non-SSO integrations. 

Knowledge of Oracle maintenance/patching mechanics and R12 EBS  12.1.3 and 12.2.architecture. and Oracle Business Intelligence (OBIEE) 11g and 12c. 

Productivity, Change Management Software & Methodologies:MS Office Suite, MS Project, Visio, PowerPoint: Change Management: CVS, GDD, VSS Test Director, Pantagon, Kintana, Changeman Methodologies: AIM, SOX, Security, On Demand; Oracle Best Practices. Grid Control and OEM. 

Hardware: Sun Sparc, HP-RP74xx, Sun -Ultra series, EMC storage, IBM RS6000, DELL. 

HA/MA Technology:Data Guard, RAC, F5 HD Load Balancing, Web Farm, Concurrent Manager and PCP. 

SOA:BPEL, OBIEE, B2B, Web methods, WebLogic 10g FMW 10g/11R2g FORMS REPORTS, OAM, OIM, ODS, IDM etc and SCA Components build, deployment, configuration and Installation. SOA upgrades from 10g to 11g. 

Backup & Recovery:RMAN, Third Party tools: ConVault, BCV, Omni back,data protector 

Security: Integrated Oracle EBS with OAM/OID (v11.1.2.3/1.1.1.9); Integrated FORMS/REPORTS/DISCOVERER with SSO using OIM/OAM/OID (ldap servers). Implemented Role Based Access Control (RBAC) including functions, grants and hierarchies in Oracle EBS. 

Oracle Identity Management:OracleIdentity Manager 9.0.1 - 11.1.1.5/9, Oracle Identity Analytics 11g, OracleAccess Manager 10g - 11g, Oracle Virtual Directory, Oracle Role Manager; WebGate and AccessGate including AD and WNA (Window Network Authentication). 

Identity Management Technologies: DXML, SAML, SASL, Kerberos, PKI, XACML, DCE, Biometrics, general cryptography, and federated identity management; SSO –OAM, WNA, OIM OVD, OIF, OID integration with iPlanet and e-business, Apex Systems,  SSL configuration, certificates and Key creations using keytools for CSR and KeyStores generation and application. Assisted Wintel Team on KeyTab creation and validations

Directories: Active Directory, Sun Java Directory Server, OpenLDAP, Oracle Internet Directory; savvy LDAP scripter - integrated with unix scripts for AD  and OID user maintenance. 

Oracle Database Replication using GoldenGate 11.1.1.2 

ATG - Oracle Commerce (Endeca) Rel. 2/3 

Understands and administers MarkView integrations with Oracle EBS and SSO (Single SignOn) using OID/OAM/Webgate (v11.1.2.3/1.1.1.9))

EBS and SSO (Single SignOn) to Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud platform.

 

 

 

Professional Experience



Computer Science Corporation (CSC at EB, Groton, CT  		April 2016 – March2017

Sr. Oracle Applications DBA/WebLogic Administrator

Responsible for Installing, supporting and maintaining the Electric Boat (EB) Oracle eBusiness (EBS) and IAM (OAM/OID) including upgrades, integration and configurations of same on DEV, STAGE (UAT) and Production Instances. All integrated with SSO (OID/OAM/Webgate/AccessGate)and GRC Applications. Responsible for Administering Oracle DB on Exadata platform at CSC.

 

General Dynamics –Electric Boat.

 

Co- Design, Install and Operations manuals for IAM implementations and integration with EBS including the overall architecture –improving earlier designs.

Administered Oracle eBusiness Applications providing developer, UAT and Production support 24/7

Supported and Maintained all Oracle DBA activities associated with managing the entire software stack/footprint for clients. 

Experienced administering and supporting Oracle database on Exadata platform.

Assisted functional and Development teams in troubleshooting issues including SR management and providing requested logs and report output for Oracle Support. 

Proactively monitor SR (Metalink) activities and footprints to ensure all outstanding SARS are resolved, closed and/or activated. 

Ran CPU patch checklist to ensure CPU patches are up-to date; worked with OS team to also ensure all Security patches are applied and tested per requirement on EBS, GRC, IAM and WebLogic based instances. 

Reviewed, designed strategies  and  upgraded outdated DBs and FMW/WebLogic  from 10g/ 11g to 12c while reviewing PSU/CPU patches in the mix for post patch applications after each upgrade.

Reviewed, designed strategies  and scripts for migration of EBS customizations and in-house applications.

Developed various operational scripts for code migrations, startup and shutdowns, checklists, monitoring and critical application licensing reports. Mostly scheduled to minimize tedious and time-consuming tasks for EBS management –over 100 scripts well documented for KTs and other required documentations.

Developed various wlst, ldap,oidprovtool (DIP command line Management) and unix scriptsfor managing DIP throughputs and Weblogic Server Admin and managed server operations such as password rules, SSL Certs creation, loggings and debugging, BootStraps and provisioning; leveraging both internal profiles and ldap Bulk loads to maintain user consistencies from AD (Active Directory); Created and maintained security implementation for password generation during SSO outages; Created scripts to monitor and maintain critical component outages such as DIP, OPMN, accessgate and CM (Concurrent Managers) and URL pings are part of daily CheckLists..



 

SkyBridge Global/Univision, NJ   November 2015 – April 2015

Sr. Oracle Applications DBA/Weblogic Administrator

Responsible for supporting and maintaining the Univision Oracle eBusiness (EBS) and MarkViewApplications including upgrades and configurations of DEV, STAGE and Production Instances and incorporating SSO (OID/OAM/Webgate/AccessGate)and MarKView Applications - Platform used is Exadata.

 

Univision Corporation

 

Administered Oracle eBusiness Applications providing developer and Production support 24/7

Managed Offshore teams while providing technical leadership in various capacities through routine training, KT (Knowledge Transfer), interviews and developing operational strategies/documentation. Literally holding hands while getting them smoothly acclimated to our environment.

Supported and Maintained all Oracle DBA activities associated with managing the entire software stack/footprint for clients. 

Configured and Maintained load balancing, backup/recovery, sizing and space management for various eBusiness instances including DEV, QA and Production. 

Assisted functional and Development teams in troubleshooting issues including SR management and providing requested logs and report output for Oracle Support. 

Proactively monitor SR (Metalink) activities and footprints to ensure all outstanding SARS are resolved, closed and/or activated. 

Ran CPU patch checklist to ensure CPU patches are up-to date; worked with OS team to also ensure all Security patches are applied and tested per requirement. 

Extensively used Exadata platform for implementing Oracle database and applications.

Reviewed, designed strategies  and  upgraded outdated DBs and FMW/WebLogic  from 10g/ 11g to 12c while reviewing PSU/CPU patches in the mix for post patch applications after each upgrade.

Reviewed, designed strategies  and scripts for migration EBS and in-house applications to Amazon Web Services (AWS).

Successfully migrated requested in-house applications such EBS to iCloud (AWS). Used AWS in provisioning additional capacities as needed. 

Run AWR reports routinely to monitor user codes and risks associated with DB events for example -dictating ‘commit impacts’ in a code block.

Developed various operations scripts for code migrations, startup and shutdowns, checklists, monitoring and critical application licensing reports. Mostly scheduled to minimize tedious and time-consuming tasks. 

Developed various wlst, ldap, unix scriptsfor managing DIP throughputs and Weblogic Server Administration operations such as code migration, loggings, debugging and SSL validations.



IBM Corporation/Infinite Computer SolutionsApril 2015 – April 2016

Sr. Oracle Applications DBA

Responsible for supporting and maintaining the Motorola Oracle eBusiness Application Including installations of DEV, TEST QA and Production Servers and incorporating SSO and WebLogic FMW Applications such as Discoverer and Oracle Learning Module. Managed Oracle DB on Exadata including performance, integrity and security. 

 

Motorola Corporation

 

Administered Oracle eBusiness Application s providing developer and Production support 24/7 

Supported and Maintained all Oracle DBA activities associated with managing the entire software stack/footprint for clients. 

Configured and Maintained load balancing, backup/recovery, sizing and space management for various eBusiness instances including DEV, QA and Production. 

Assisted functional and Development teams in troubleshooting issues including SR management and providing requested logs and report output for Oracle Support. 

Oracle Exadata performance integrity and security.

Proactively monitor SR (Metalink) activities and footprints to ensure all outstanding SARS are resolved, closed and/or activated. 

Ran CPU patch checklist to ensure CPU patches are up-to date; worked with OS team to also ensure all Security patches are applied and tested per requirement. 

Reviewed, designed strategies  and  upgraded outdated DBs and FMW/WebLogic  from 10g/ 11g to 12c while reviewing PSU/CPU patches in the mix for post patch applications after each upgrade. 

Run AWR reports routinely to monitor user codes and risks associated with DB events for example -dictating ‘commit impacts’ in a code block.

 

HP Corporation/HUDJune 2014 – April 2015

Sr. Oracle Weblogic/Middleware  Administrator and eBusiness Admin

Responsible for supporting and maintaining the HUD.gov Middlewareinfrastructure(Weblogic, SOA, OSD, WebCenter/Portal and EBS  ; Including installations of DEV, TEST QA and Production Servers and incorporation multi-languages.

 

University of Chicago (Hospitals/Biomedicine Information Services) 

Designed, implemented and supported Oracle Financials E-Business Suite Release 12.1 on Oracle 11g R2 non-RAC and RAC on Exadata with multiple modules of Oracle E-Business R12 environments. 

Applied Oracle CPU patches and upgrades  for 12.1.3, SSO, including non-eBusiness db Upgrades  such as 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4 , 12c. 

Applied pre-upgrade patches for R12 and upgrade 12.1.3 to R12.2.4 

Upgrade and applied WL, OAM, OID and AccessGate patches for SSO issue resolutions. 

Configured and Maintained Oracle RAC, Oracle ASM, and Oracle Dataguard for the eBusiness and non-eBusiness DB/applications. 

Maintained various application utililies (OBIEE, SSO and FMW/SOA/ETL for Analytics, Security and ETL respectively).

DOD –Division of Labor:

Weblogic, SSO (OAM, OID, OIM) Discovery, Forms and Reports Installation On a Windows OS including associated Applications DB and Metadata/Repository DB. 

supported projects and maintenance of R12 Oracle E-business Suite (12.2, 12.1.3), 10g AS SSO/OID, Discoverer, 10g/11g OBIEE, OWB, 12c OEM, 11g weblogic (10.3.5)/11g OracleAccess Manager/11g OID, APEX, 11g ASM/RAC, Platform migration (HP-UX to Linux), E-business databases migration from HP-UX to Linux and various other third-party and supporting applications databases from versions 9i to 11g (11.2.0.4).

Implemented big data using Cassandra/Hortonworks on AWS servers.  (For an HP POC project)

Duties include but are not limited to: 

Responsible for Installing, configuring and administering Oracle Fusion Middleware Applications - including, but not limited to OracleWebLogic Server (11g), Oracle WebCenter (11g), and Oracle Service Bus (11g) 

Worked with the Unix and DB teams for provisioning Servers with necessary ports allocations and DB access for Weblogic/Component configurations. 

Worked with Unix team to provide proper user access for developers such as sudo access for oracle/weblogic accounts. 

Created baseline metrix for Server provisioning (AdminGuides) for everything from server components, log locations, Domains, certs generation to dataSource (DB) locations to ports and managed servers running on each instance. 

Followed in-house build guidelines from the administrators already onsite to; Maintain Oracle Fusion Middleware Applications - Including future and existing Oracle Fusion Middleware applications. 

Responsible for configuring siteMinders and/or ldap for user authentications. 

Created startup scripts and alert monitoring for our maintenance. 

Installed and configure OMS - Oracle Enterprise manager (Grid Control 11g) and Agents for monitoring DB sources, middleware alerts etc.; deployed cross-server type agents for Solaris, HP and Linux servers while discovering various services. 

Applied patches on a regular basis to keep the Quarterly patches in-sync and for fixing bugs, adding new functionality and features, and installing of maintenance releases. 

Supported of Application Deployments - working with  Java development teams and carrying out code package deployments to the environment. 

Participated in design and staff meetings - attending scheduled morning SCRUM/SPRINT for team planning, task assignments and Statuses. 

Implemented and maintained Oracle eBusiness SSO using AccessGate – OAM and OID user store allowing SSO authentication flow within the Identity component of OAM – AccessGate while applying respective Best-Practices. Used the synchronization adhoc query to populate users in OID_USER tables; also implemented scripts to enable SSO on cloned instance (DEV and TEST) 

Provided significant enhancements and box fixes to OIM 11g environmentDeveloped several new custom provisioning/reconciliation connectors for access HUD system, directory, and SaaS file storage system 

Provided ongoing training and knowledge transfer to permanent staff 

Provided in depth training on OracleIdentity Manager 11g deployment, configuration, and custom connector development for Oracle Web Applications and eBusiness 

Provided on demand support, architectural advice, and development

Provided ongoing support and enhancements to existing OIM 11g environment

 

 

Capgemni South Carolina/Georgia/North Carolina			October 2013–June 2014

Sr. Oracle DBA/Technical Architecture Team Lead.

Responsible for support and design of State’s Benefits Application (UILINK) which is a critical business system used to provide State of Nevada, South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia benefits package to individuals and State employees.

Responsible for ensuring availability and performance of the databases 

Responsible for implementation and release of database changes as submitted by the development team 

Interacted with development teams, business owners, and various levels of management 

Ensured high availability and performance (requiring 24x7 pager support on a rotational basis) including weekends on planned outages. 

Worked also  as part of a team that delivers a high availability service  -- with the architecture team 

Installed and configured Oracle OEM grid control and Oracle Data Guard for use on the project. 

Pro-actively monitor database systems to ensure secure services with minimum downtime; wrote a number of in-house scripts that generates alerts via emails; capture/review developer codes for compliance. 

Hands on Oracle Exadata performance migration from non–Exadata to Exadata environment.

Responsible for improvement and maintenance of the databases to include application DDL rollout and upgrades 

Provided Data Modelling via Ca Erwin, created Data flow to explain conversion strategies. Assisted developers with Conversion – writing standard scripts for them to leverage while maintaining development Standards. 

Responsible for performing tuning of codes and identifying code bottlenecks; assist developers in code re-writes and changes. 

Developed and trained developers in Data Masking utility (Leveraging Oracle Tool) to ensure PII information are secured. 

Provided ongoing training and knowledge transfer to permanent staff 

Provided in depth training on OracleIdentity Manager 11g deployment, configuration, and custom connector development for Oracle Web Applications and eBusiness 

Provided on demand support, architectural advice, and development 

Provided ongoing support and enhancements to existing OIM 11g environment



Encore Corporation /FTD corp., Chicago, IL				August 2013– October 2013

Sr. Oracle Application DBA/Technical Architecture Team Lead.

Responsible for support and development of FTD’s Oracle EBS critical business systems Including databases and application middleware that are used to provide FTD’s HR, expense, and time reporting processes, Clarity and Longview applications. 

Install, configure, and support a FTD OracleeBusiness Suite (EBS) release 12 instance, including the installation of the application and database software, which implements HRMS, iExpense, Time & Labor, and Payroll modules. 

Support data separation and migration of existing FTD EBS data from an existing EBS R11 instance into the new FTD R12 instance 

Experienced performing Data guard implementation and administration on Exadata environment.

Work with internal application support team and external application integrators to install, configure, and troubleshoot FTD EBS R12 instance. 

Cross train experienced Oracle database administrators in skills required to support and maintain the FTD EBS R12 environment 

Document FTD EBS R12 environment, maintenance procedures, and operational processes 

Automate EBS related maintenance processes (shutdown/startup, backups, monitoring) 

Administer and maintain Oracle database instances supporting production applications. 

Monitor and tune system to ensure maximum system efficiency and required system availability. Resolve any problems that arise with the database. 

Participate as a member of a project team to design new products or enhancements to existing products. 

Create policies and  enforced based upon attributes, including SQL category, time of day, application, user, and IP address for Database Firewall events  alongside audit data. 

Advise on product architecture and database interface. Should have the aptitude to understand the business requirements and convert such requirements into an efficient database implementation. 

Meet established schedules and resolve technical or operational problems. 

Execute assigned tasks to achieve maximum levels of productivity. 

Make recommendations for technical and process improvements as they relate to our databases. 

Suggest new methods, products, procedures, and innovations that will improve corporate profitability. 

Assist in the presentation and demonstration regarding database issues on behalf of the company. 

Ensure business and technical issues in areas of responsibility are communicated appropriately to the appropriate person(s) or level(s) of the organization. 

Effectively follow the policies and procedures established by the team and department. 

Interact and work with other IT departments and departments external to IT in order to ensure that database products are developed and put into production according to planned schedules and expectations. 

Protect interests of employees and the company in accordance with company policies and governmental laws and regulations. 

Protect the data from hazards and unauthorized access. 

Perform any other duties as assigned 

Re-platformed, Implemented and upgraded from REl 10.1 to  new ATG (Endeca) 11 and Endeca Commerce Experience Manager Applications Rel  3. for an eBusiness integration. -Configured properties and dimensions.

 

Sogeti /MidAmerican Energy, Des Moines, IA				November 2012– August2013

Sr. Oracle Application/WebLogic DBA/Technical Team Lead.

Maintained and Supported Oracle EBS Development, QA and  Production on a multi-tier environment including istores on DMZs;  

Implemented RAC/ASM for POC and later moved same to PROD. 

Developed complex ETL and conversion programs in PLSQL, SQLLOADER, and Unix Script to argument development resource. The development was part of the legacy conversion for employees, GL Interface and Vendor conversion while assisting developers and functional team with complex development/technical issues. 

Created ad-hoc in-house scripts in UNIX and Sql for monitoring and maintaining Web logic servers, databases and applications. 

Experienced installing and configuring OEM with Exadata.  

Enabled and monitor alerts for Database Firewall; customized security alerts and reporting’s; also set business thresholds for applicable SOX monitoring such as audit; unauthorized login reports. 

Wrote various application management strategies and standard documents including Development, Installation, and Monitoring and Troubleshooting standards leveraging AIMs Methodologies for RICE Implementation. 

Designed and implemented Database capacity planning as we migrated legacy data from a new company acquisition. 

Installed and managed Oracle Fusion middleware and configured the tech stack for OBIEE, ESSBASE, Identity Management, Single sign-on, Windows authentication, and configuring Oracle Portal administration. 

Managed and administered SOA components such as BPEL, B2B and BAAM – other managed services. 

Created and provided the required schema repositories for OBIEE/ESSBASE reporting.

 

Fujitsu America / Tempurpedic International Lexington, KY        	June 2012– October 2012

Sr. Oracle Application DBA/DBA Team Lead.

Maintained and Supported Oracle EBS Production on a multi-tier environment including istores on DMZs 

Installed and upgraded 10g/9i database to latest Oracle DB 11g including configuration of same on Oracle EBS and Grid Controls. 

Created ad-hoc in-house scripts in UNIX and Sql for monitoring and maintaining Web logic servers, databases and applications. 

Implemented robust load process for monthly Vertex and Shop Visible (postal Codes) uploads. 

Implemented automated post and pre-clone checklists/validation forCyber source/ipayment in eBusiness including iStore configurations. 

Implemented in-house Oracle 10g/11g/9i RMAN, Netback up and Tape backup management integration with RMAN and created robust scripts for I/O, disk and performance monitoring including automatic db restores to ensure backup validities and planned black-outs/drills. 

Configured Oracle Data Guard 11g/10g/9i and created documentation for planning, configuration, maintenance & troubleshooting using the tool. 

Configured and created documentation for in-house DBAs to troubleshoot RAC10g/11g/9i - Real Application Clusters as well as planning, designing, maintaining, installation and troubleshooting procedures. 

Configure and created documentation for  Oracle11g/10g Grid Control/Oracle Enterprise Manager, Management Agent setup, Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Console Management Console configuration; same standard was adopted by client for other internal installations. 

Monitored Database Console, Application Server Console, Grid Control Plugins and beacons while showcasing the capacities to team. 

Designed and implemented Database capacity planning as we added new servers and memory and CPUs during our 10g to 11g upgrade and server additions admin tiers to relief performance bottlenecks on the architecture.              

Installed and managed Oracle Fusion middleware and configured the tech stack for Identity Management, Single sign-on, Windows authentication, and configuring Oracle Portal administration.

 

HP Corporation, OH								April 2011 –June 2012

SR. SOA 11g Middleware Administrator

Analyzed, tested, and implemented physical database design supporting various business applications including base definition, structure, documentation, long-range requirements, and operational guidelines. 

Supported B2B  (OSB) component of Oracle e-Business in relation to trouble-shooting, performance tuning, instance stabilization through optimizing queries, and memory, command line optimization and executions. 

Ensured data recovery, maintenance, data integrity, and space requirements for physical database are met through formulations and monitoring of policies, procedures, and standards relating to database management. 

Audited the current environments, providing capacity planning and best practices for the future production/development/test environments, including establishing new standards and procedures. 

Planned, scheduled and supervised the work of internal DBA & Offshore staff. 

Led, reviewed and participated in development of quality entity relationship diagrams, data flow diagrams, database normalization schemas, logical to physical database mapping, data table parameters, etc.•         

Reviewed the physical model created from the logical model, ensuring data structures and databases comply with standards, guidelines, and procedures. • 

Monitored file system space, database allocation, and data integrity, verifies efficient use of disk storage, reclaims dead space, optimizes space allocation and avoids out-of-space conditions.         

Developed and maintained a backup and recovery strategy for all databases. Performs regular random drills to test disaster recovery scenarios.        

Provided daily Oracle Applications 11i / Oracle 10g DBA technical administration and support, including change management requests, monitoring, performance tuning, backup and recovery. 

Installed and managed SOA Middleware components for Dev, Stage and Production instances 

Applied Middleware Patches to patch level the instances 

Upgraded SOA 11.1.1.3 to 11.1.1.5 including schema & components upgrades using RCU, Patch Upgrade assistance, etc. 

Migrated SOA queues and artifacts to Stage and PROD for developers 

Configured Data Sources, JMS Adapters and JMS Modules connection pool, factory and Partitions as part of SOA Project CM 

Monitored BPEL alert logs proactively fixing issues to avoid user outages. Worked with DBA team to resolve database issues.

 

AT&T, Schaumburg, IL							January 2009 –April 2011

Sr. Oracle Apps DBA

Designed and configured EBS Infrastructure/Capacity & Planning for PFT Implementation on a multi-node architecture. Upgraded RDBMS and application to latest CPU, JDK/JRE patch levels. 

Installed and configured new R12 on 11g database for new Financial and CRM --DMZ for iStore implementation. 

Configured and implemented Oracle OEM Data Grid for efficient maintenance of the instances. 

Configured RMAN for hot clones, backup and recovery set up customization tops; routinely cloned and applied SR recommended patches. 

Wrote several proactive monitoring scripts for both Database and Application Server Tiers. Wrote several instance management documents such as development standards for developers, patch and cloning documentation; issues and patch logs; 

Mentored client staff on how to administer all of the above. 

Improved Connect: Direct for business critical data migrations and ETL by developing UNIX scripts that are scheduled to perform routine business operations. 

Developed OBIEE Repositories for various reporting layers (Presentation, Physical and Business models) including applying interactive dashboards and drill down capabilities using global filters with security setups. 

Evaluated, designed, build up, applied, and supported Business Intelligence technical solutions using Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBIEE) / Siebel Analytics. 

Generated and planned executive level dashboards, complex reporting, and metadata modelling. 

Carried to the project during the Vision and Strategy, Architecture, and Development phases. 

Analyzed business problems and design proper solutions utilizing Oracle BI Enterprise Edition (OBIEE) 

Worked as lead technical architecture as both AppsDBA and developer in the design and development of dashboards and reports. 

Other Assignments Include: 

Provided production support and Phase II implementations for Grants and iStore. Provided mentoring, Instance Management strategies and schedules and performance tuning and monitoring. 

Designed and configured EBS Infrastructure/Capacity & Planning for Financials –Supply Chain Modules Implementation on multi-node architecture - 4 Node RAC and several middle tiers load balanced across mid-Tier farms and proxies. Upgraded RDBMS and application to latest CPU patch levels; Created strategies to mitigate performance bottlenecks and optimized the architecture and custom sql queries. Developed several in-house scripts for proactive monitoring of critical business processes. 

Designed cloning strategies for ten different environments and provided grid monitoring for the environments. 

Configured and maintained SOA, SSO/OID -OIM for R12 and OBIEE integration. 

Configured and maintained 10g R3 OracleWeblogic for portal, server and integration components. 

Researched and documented upgrade path for Weblogic 10g R3 to 11g; Client wanted to apply task in the next phase. 

Resolved startup script issues with startWebLogic.sh and startManagedWeblogic.sh; created scripts to monitor Weblogic logs for contention issues related to port and service integrations. 

Migrated 11i instance from Windows to Linux platform and patched up existing techstacks with customer patches; upgraded to auto configuration while using Oracle recommended best practices for platform migration. 

Performed several re-implementations of fresh installations of e-Business Suite for efficient use of Technology stacks and file systems.  Configured Shared ApplTop to minimize instance downtime during patching and overall configuration maintenance. 

Configured High Availability with Data guard and setup RMAN for backups and hot clones. Provided client with Security Best practices for 11i/10g instance, including securing access to default accounts, securing the network using encryption, using Single Sign on (SSO), and enabling SSL. 

Documented all security practices and create daily management reports.

 

Eaton Corp., Cleveland, OH						October 2008 – January 2009

Principal Database Administrator (Apps DBA)

Created and administered Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) compliance in relation to Security (Segregation of Duties, User Management), auditing (Application Auditing), and change management (Object Migration, Application Configuration, Application Patches). 

Converted table character set into utf8 to accommodate Portuguese language during data import & export. 

Completed full life cycle implementation of Oracle Financials with Multi-Language (MLS) and Multi-Currency (MRC) with UTF8 Character Set. 

Provided technical architecture and DBA support on SASC/FSC eBusiness Consolidation project. SASC/FSC system runs on Oracle eBusiness suite 11.5.10.2 with Oracle database 9i / 10g RAC environment. 

Performed 11i to R12 upgrade in QA instance as part of parallel implementation for Client Stage II role out. 

Worked with the UNIX team to stage all the R12 DVDs for installation. 

Applied all the consolidated help patches for R12 including functional patches for AP, INV and HRMS modules as part of the R12 post upgrade. 

Assembled a test team to perform end-to-end testing of the R12 upgrade. 

Worked with business areas to validate and identify customizations as pre-R12 upgrade. 

Verified application module patch levels and updated the latest ATG RUP &AD patches to proceed with R12 upgrade. 

Reviewed customization and applied best practice tuning approaches to resolve performance bottlenecks. 

Administered Oracle Applications, configuration and migration of Latin eBusiness application into multi-language with application localizations; including managing and resolving OID, SSO and portals. 

Installed and maintained OracleAccess Manager (OAM) as a solution for both centralized identity management and access control, and provided an integrated standards-based solution that delivers authentication, web single sign-on, access policy creation and enforcement, user self-service, delegating administration, reporting, and auditing. 

Implemented OID, SSO infrastructure and integrated it with Oracle E-Business Suite and Active Directory architecture. 

Experienced with Fusion Middleware working knowledge 

Applied multi language patches including SPED patches for Brazil localization; imported bolt-on applications such Colfax, Synchro and MarkView.  

Proactively monitored production and 14 other instances made up of DEV, UAT, QA and other parallel implementations  with the bolt-on application 

Upgraded and configured database application software. Monitored capacity and performance, and proactively resolve a wide range of issues. 

Assisted management in defining standards and strategies for security, SOX (separation of duties via responsibilities and menu setup) database objects, and backup/recovery. Managed Oracle backups through RMAN and CommVault. 

Assisted Functional and Development teams in creating a comprehensive data model for their application requirements. 

Provided lead role in technical architecture of the environment while supporting different module AOL setup as system administrator utilizing BR100 documents for profiles, responsibilities, and lookups. Flex fields, value sets, data/request groups and cm and application registrations.

 

 

Previous experience

AAI Corporation, Hunt Valley, MD					03/2008 – 10/2008

Sr. Oracle Apps DBA



Hertz Corporation, Oklahoma City, OK				11/2007 – 03/2008

Sr. Oracle Apps DBA



Fanuc America Corporation, Schaumburg, IL  			10/ 2007 – 11/2007

Sr. Oracle Apps DBA



Subaru of America, Cherry Hill, NJ					01/2007 - 08/2007

Oracle Applications DBA 

 

Nicor Services, Naperville, IL 						01/2006 - 05/2006

Oracle Applications DBA & Technical Lead

 

Eaton DRS Technologies Inc. Milwaukee, WI				04/2005 - 04/2006

Oracle Applications DBA & Technical Lead

 

Underwriters Laboratories Inc. Chicago, IL				02/2002 - 04/2005

Oracle Applications DBA- CRM/Financials/HRMS

 

City of Chicago, IL							11/2004 - 12/2004

Sr. Developer

 

Ameritech ESS Project						05/2004 - 11/2004

Sr. Techno-Functional/Designer/Developer

 

Universal Access, Chicago, IL						02/2002 - 05/2004

Developer/Oracle Applications DBA/Project Manager 

 

Chicago Public Schools, Chicago, IL					04/2001 - 02/2002

Application DBA/Project Manager

 

Accenture, Chicago, IL						10/1997 - 02/2001

Oracle Applications DBA



Page 1 of 13\n
Howard Bloomberg

	816.941.4005  –   howardb @ hbwebdev.com   –   LinkedIn Profile





SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Software Developer with diverse background and industry experience including finance, defense, insurance, warehouse, agriculture, trucking, telecommunications, retail, mutual funds, and customer satisfaction.

Possess strong organizational, analytical, people, and problem solving skills, with the ability to work in teams or independently.  

Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS)  .NET Framework 2.0 Web Applications.

Completed additional classes for .Net 4.0, HTML5 and CSS3

Training and project experience in designing and developing web applications using .NET Framework.  

Proficient in mainframe development, database design, and support.





TECHNICAL SKILLS   

Visual Studio 2008/10, C#, .NET 2.0-4.0, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, SQL Server 2008, SSMSE, HTML, HTML5, CSS 2 & 3, AJAX, LINQ, MVC, EF, WCF, JavaScript, MS Access/Word/Excel (97-2007), Visual Basic for Applications (VBA), Visio, Visual Basic 5. 



Mainframe; z/OS, OS390/MVS/ESA TSO/ISPF, Xpediter, Syncsort, Fileaid, VSAM; COBOL II thru Enterprise z/OS, CICS, DB2, Oracle SQL/SQL*Plus, Oracle Designer 6.0, REXX





PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

2009 – 2010	Database Developer at Service Management Group (SMG) - TEK Systems, Overland Park, Kansas

Multiple clients - analysis, design, development, programming, and reporting for database projects to enhance existing/new applications with additional functionality using SQL Server, to modify existing stored procedures, tables, and views, and  Access and VBA to modify front-end screens, procedures, and reports.



2006 – 2009	Senior Programmer Analyst at Dept. of Defense - Computer Sciences Corp., Kansas City, Missouri

Mainframe analysis, design, project estimating, and coordination of customer submitted System Change Requests and Production Trouble Reports to enhance existing, and/or create new, mainframe applications.  

Designed and developed new Access database application, using VBA, to automate generation and submission of forms related to adding, deleting, changing, tracking, querying and reporting of multiple internal systems' table data.



2004 – 2006	Senior Software Developer - DST Systems, Inc. Kansas City, Missouri

Part of a team that analyzed, designed, modified, and increased efficiency of Cobol/DB2 batch & online programs and subroutines.  One project accomplished this by creating a new DB2 table for Participant Transaction Entry Sequence information.  Process and workflow diagrams were created using ProVision modeling software.  

Another project converted multiple programs, Procedures, and JCL in a nightly routine, allowing multi-threading of up to 9 concurrent jobs to run, increasing through-put from approximately 600,000 transactions to over 2 million.  This project saved between 2 and 5 hours of nightly CPU time and over $500,000 dollars annually in CPU costs.  

Another project involved analysis, redesign, and modification of an Access 2002 application to increase usability and functionality. Modifications included table design enhancements, new startup menu, screen redesign, and additional querying and reporting capabilities.





2003 – 2004	Technical Support Specialist - H & R Block, Kansas City, Missouri

Hardware and software trouble-shooting from tax preparers using Block’s proprietary troubleshooting software.





2002 – 2003	Software Developer - BSS, Kansas City, Missouri 

Access database design, development, and programming for a large loan services company marketing leads project.



1997 – 2002	Associate Staff Manager/Consultant - Analysts International, Kansas City, Missouri 

Defense Finance and Accounting Service (DFAS), Department of Defense (DoD)

Created an Access 97 database, to analyze data and run discrepancy reports, that was ODBC linked to multiple ORACLE databases. 

Designed, created, and implemented a new Access 97 Project Tracking, Reporting, and Time Entry system using VBA.

Helped maintain DFAS & DoD Inter/Intranet sites using HTML and FTP software.

Generated all DCII database objects in resolution of Test Discrepancy Report (TDR) and System Change Request (SCR) issues identified in all levels of testing for software releases 0200/0203 using Oracle Designer 6.0. 



Replacement System; Data Conversion Project - at Trans America

Designed and created multiple COBOL II programs to convert Fully Retained policy data from an existing system’s IMS flat files and determine Jumbo Risk policies so the data could be uploaded into DB2 tables.  Also designed and created multiple programs to create data files that contained discrepancies between multiple system files, to determine causes and solutions for the discrepancies. These files were downloaded to Access 97 files for the user department. Designed and created a new Access 97 - Weekly Time Entry, Reporting and Tracking system for the reinsurance application team. The system integrated work-plan information uploaded from MS Project into the Access 97 database. 



Year 2000 Project - at UMB

Designed, implemented, and supported Access 7.0/97 databases to assess and maintain all non-MIS related inventory from all branch, affiliate, and correspondent banks. Developed Visual Basic 5.0 front-end allowing users to enter, modify, and delete inventory, bank, business unit, vendor, vendor letter, compliance, and retirement data. Designed and created another database containing information downloaded from the mainframe. This database was used to visually identify and model all mainframe systems and their relationships using VISIO.  Also responsible for Access 7.0 database development and support for MIS related inventory and support of an  Access 2.0, MIS reporting database.  

Due to team efforts, UMB Bank was recognized in June 1999, for having the “Best Year 2000 Program in the Kansas City Region” by the Regional Consortium for Technology and Information Systems.







EDUCATION  AND TECHNICAL TRAINING

Park University - Kansas City, MO

	Bachelor of Science: Computer Information Systems - Graduated Summa cum Laude 



Centriq Training - Leawood, KS

Web Applications Developer in C#.NET Program; 2012



Technical Competencies:

C#.NET, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, AJAX, LINQ,  MVC, EF, WCF,  SQL, SQL Server 2008, SSMSE, HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS 2 & 3



.NET Project Experience:

Created several multi-tier classroom project websites that included requirements gathering, data tier design, a programmatic data access layer, incorporated with data access objects and presentation, in a rich, web-based, front end (available for review at: http://www.hbwebdev.com).



Soft Skills Training:

Customer Care & Effective Communication.



Certifications:

Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS)  -  .NET Framework 2.0 Web Applications.

Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) - .NET Framework - Application Development Foundation.\n
tori Vienneau

7162 Harlan Lane ♦ Sykesville, MD 21784

443-536-4595 ♦ torivienneau@comcast.net



Education

	University of Maryland                                                                                                                                                                      GPA: 3.89                                                                                                                                                                        

	Robert H. Smith School of Business                                                                                                                                                 College Park                                                                                           Bachelor of Science, Economics and Finance                                                                                                                      Expected: May 2018  

	

	University of Maryland Honors Dean’s List	Fall 2014- Fall 2015

	Achieved above a 3.5 for all academic semesters while attending the University of Maryland

	     

Work Experience	

	Baldwin’s Station and Pub                                                                                                                                                        Sykesville, MD                                                                                                                                                                     Server                                                                                                                                                                                     Sept 2013 – Present

Attends to customers at a four-star restaurant efficiently while maintaining a positive attitude

Cooperates with teams of 25 in order to perform as a seamless unit 

Progresses customer service skills through working with a large variety of people by doing whatever it is necessary to ensure customer satisfaction and recurring business

Furthers communication skills while working with customers and resolving conflicts under short time constraints

Multitasks to make order of chaos, by keeping track of all the customers in a timely manner



Leadership Experience

Hashawha Environmental Center                                                                                                                                          Westminster, MD

	Volunteer Leader at Overnight Summer Camp                                                                                                                                   2011 - 2014

Supervised and managed groups of 10 children and led them through both educational and recreational activities

Planned activities in advance while communicating with fellow leaders

Worked with children aged 8-14 from all backgrounds, including campers with mental and physical handicaps 



Alpha Omicron Pi- Pi Delta Chapter 	       								   College Park, MD

Academic Assistant                                 							                         February 2016 - Present

Assists the academic chair in all aspects of coordinating and planning academic events for the chapter 

Manages the scholarship banquet; awarding members of the fraternity for academic excellence and providing a guest speaker

Develops a plan for the new semester, by critiquing the preceding semester’s academic activities

Attends cabinet meetings and gives speeches at chapter meetings for 150 members when the academic chair cannot 

Recruitment Committee Member

Assists in developing a positive brand and image for the pi delta chapter

Networks with potential new members

Ritual Committee Member

Plans and organizes ritual workshops



Real Estate Club 	       								                                   College Park, MD

Member								                                                          February 2016 - Present

Beginning to explore networking and career opportunities, while gaining professional insight



International Economics and Finance Society                  					                                   College Park, MD

Member								                                                          February 2016 - Present

Seeking professional insight from experienced employees in the fields of finance of economics

Exploring various networking opportunities through conventions given through the program





Academic scholarship

Maryland State Delegate – Susan W, Krebs     								   College Park, MD

Scholarship award							                                                                                 May 2014

Awarded a financial scholarship for academic excellence achieved in high school\n
Brandon Thomas

5514 First St NW Apt# 203 Washington D.C., 20011

• Mobile: 202-520-1835 • Email: brandonthomas280@gmail.com





Objective: My goal is to become employed with a company in the technology industry where I can utilize my IT & Computer Science skills and gain to continue to learn new skills while enhancing the company’s productivity and reputation.



WORK EXPERIENCE:

Encentric Inc., Fairfax, VA								   	  (April 2016 – June 2016)

Help Desk Technician

Disconnect work stations and bag them properly for moving. 

Reconnect workstations at new work-space according to end-user specifications.



Levy Restaurant at Nationals Park, Washington, D.C  						      (April 2015 – Present)

Server											       

Attend to customers during events, interact and answer questions.

Set up, serve, and break down all event food tables.



U.S. Department of the Treasury- Internal Revenue Service (IRS), Washington, D.C.			 (June 2012- August 2012)

Student Intern-Management and Staff Assistant

Improved the IRS website by providing recommendations on outdated formats and trends.

Recognized by team for my dedication for the duration of my internship.

Keep official records for meetings.

Sorted, organized, and disposed of documents.



Paramount Baptist Church, Washington, D.C.						            (Summer 2008, 2009, 2010)

Summer Camp Counselor

Assisted camp staff in daily activities with the children.

Participated in all camp activities, (i.e., campfires, song practice, talent show, hikes, free time activities, etc.).

Observed the children and used positive reinforcement to help modify the children’s behavior.

Encouraged and motivated the children to be well-rounded individuals with good manners and wholesome values.

Promoted a positive healthy environment for the campers.



EDUCATION:

University of the District of Columbia, Washington, DC  GPA: ~ 3.1

School of Engineering and Applied Science				         			 	     (August-2014- Present)



			StreetWise Partners, Inc., Washington, D.C.  - Trainee		                               (April 2016 – June 2016)

		Developed my professional skills through career training program with business professionals



South Carolina State University, Orangeburg, SC

College of Science, Mathematics, Engineering & Technology	     					(August-2009- May 2014)



St. John’s College High School, Washington, DC							(August 2005- June 2009)



SKILLS:

Computer Skills

Proficient in the use of Windows Vista & Windows XP.

Proficient in the use of Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.

Learns new software applications quickly.

Proficient in the use of HTML & CSS



VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE:

St. Augustine Academy, Washington, DC						  		 (August 2005-June 2009) 

Teacher’s Aide   

Provided tutoring in mathematics and supervised playtime to children in grades 1-7.\n
ATHARVA DESHPANDE

4624 Knox Road, Apt 9, College Park, MD 20740
+1-(240)-543-2523  add1793@umd.edu

EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
M.S., Telecommunication Engineering
University of Pune, India
B.E., Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering

GPA- 3.50
(Expected May 2017)

GPA-3.8
(May 2014)

SKILLS
LANGUAGES: Python, Java, C, MATLAB, HTML, SQL, JavaScript, CSS
SOFTWARE: Eclipse, MySQL Workbench, Cisco Packet Tracer, Putty, MS Office
PROTOCOLS: TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, UDP, RIP, ARP, HTTP, BGP, LAN/WAN, Ethernet, VLAN

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
Programmer Analyst Trainee, Cognizant Technology Solutions

Chennai, India



Developed and tested a web application using Java, Html and Tomcat server.



Created user login, published MySQL database and created a user friendly interface to query the data.



Managed a team of 4 members and interacted directly with the client to gather project requirements.

(November 2014 – March 2015)

IT Support, SKNCOE



Pune, India

Provided thorough support and problem resolution for staff in college.
(January 2013-May 2014)
Was responsible for setting up the projectors, installing software and hardware and troubleshooting the computer systems.

PROJECTS
Client- Server Secure Socket Layer (SSL) programming (Python)





(May 2016-present)
Implemented a client program to communicate with a server using sockets.
Mathematical operations were performed on inputs (Integers/Operators) and returned a solution to server.
A secret flag was returned for computing all possible mathematical expressions successfully.
Currently, implementing a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to create a secure communication between client and server.

Cellular Simulation of a Base Station in Python



(April 2016-May 2016)
Developed a simulator in Python for a 3-sectored base station to analyze the network performance using cellular parameters
such as number of channels, received signal strength, propagation loss, call blocks, hand off failures.
Analyzed their effect on system utilization and Grade of Service and produced a statistic report on call drops, successful calls,
successful hand-offs to understand system reliability.

UDP based Client-Server application using Java Socket Programming


(November 2015)
Developed a networking application in Java consisting of a transmitter and a receiver that can ensure reliable data transfer and
cryptographic authentication on top of UDP’s unreliable communication services using RC4 algorithm and socket programming.

Image Stitching for Situation Awareness in Battle Management System




(June 2013 –May 2014)

Implemented and compared two Image Stitching algorithms SIFT and SURF using MATLAB which compensated critical
disadvantages of RADAR, LINAR such as jamming, interference.
The project demonstrated a seamless connection using feature extraction, feature matching with two or more images having
common overlapping part to get a higher resolution and 360 degree panoramic image.
Won 2nd prize in the IET (Institute of Engineering and Technology) project competition out of 40 teams.

RELATED COURSEWORK
Networks and Protocols
● Computer Networks
●

Interactive Programming in Python
● System Programming and Operating Systems
●

● Digital Communications
● Computer Architecture

\n
ATHARVA DESHPANDE

4624 Knox Road, Apt 9, College Park, MD 20740
+1-(240)-543-2523  add1793@umd.edu

EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
M.S., Telecommunication Engineering
University of Pune, India
B.E., Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering

GPA- 3.50
(Expected May 2017)

GPA-3.8
(May 2014)

SKILLS
LANGUAGES: Python, Java, C, MATLAB, HTML, SQL, JavaScript, CSS
SOFTWARE: Eclipse, MySQL Workbench, Cisco Packet Tracer, Putty, MS Office
PROTOCOLS: TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, UDP, RIP, ARP, HTTP, BGP, LAN/WAN, Ethernet, VLAN

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
Programmer Analyst Trainee, Cognizant Technology Solutions

Chennai, India



Developed and tested a web application using Java, Html and Tomcat server.



Created user login, published MySQL database and created a user friendly interface to query the data.



Managed a team of 4 members and interacted directly with the client to gather project requirements.

(November 2014 – March 2015)

IT Support, SKNCOE



Pune, India

Provided thorough support and problem resolution for staff in college.
(January 2013-May 2014)
Was responsible for setting up the projectors, installing software and hardware and troubleshooting the computer systems.

PROJECTS
Client- Server Secure Socket Layer (SSL) programming (Python)





(May 2016-present)
Implemented a client program to communicate with a server using sockets.
Mathematical operations were performed on inputs (Integers/Operators) and returned a solution to server.
A secret flag was returned for computing all possible mathematical expressions successfully.
Currently, implementing a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to create a secure communication between client and server.

Cellular Simulation of a Base Station in Python



(April 2016-May 2016)
Developed a simulator in Python for a 3-sectored base station to analyze the network performance using cellular parameters
such as number of channels, received signal strength, propagation loss, call blocks, hand off failures.
Analyzed their effect on system utilization and Grade of Service and produced a statistic report on call drops, successful calls,
successful hand-offs to understand system reliability.

UDP based Client-Server application using Java Socket Programming


(November 2015)
Developed a networking application in Java consisting of a transmitter and a receiver that can ensure reliable data transfer and
cryptographic authentication on top of UDP’s unreliable communication services using RC4 algorithm and socket programming.

Image Stitching for Situation Awareness in Battle Management System




(June 2013 –May 2014)

Implemented and compared two Image Stitching algorithms SIFT and SURF using MATLAB which compensated critical
disadvantages of RADAR, LINAR such as jamming, interference.
The project demonstrated a seamless connection using feature extraction, feature matching with two or more images having
common overlapping part to get a higher resolution and 360 degree panoramic image.
Won 2nd prize in the IET (Institute of Engineering and Technology) project competition out of 40 teams.

RELATED COURSEWORK
Networks and Protocols
● Computer Networks
●

Interactive Programming in Python
● System Programming and Operating Systems
●

● Digital Communications
● Computer Architecture

\n
Sebrina c. Malone

smalone8@hotmail.COM

 (240) 793-1758







Experience



	10/2013 – Present     CyberData Technologies (U.S Census Bureau)       Herndon, VA

Software Test Engineer

Functionally test developed software to verify that the code performs as defined in change requests 

Assist developers and sponsoring division testers in identifying source problems found in testing and work with those groups to solve problems

Conduct testing using user stories

Conduct system, verification, integration and regression testing

Develop and maintain regression test cases for assigned projects using HP Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) test tool

Utilize ALM test tool to perform and document manual regression testing

Prepare and maintain test plans for releases 

Document defects in Serena Business Manager (SBM) in details with repeatable steps

Review all change requests in Serena Business Manager (SBM) to ensure software modifications are made and completed on time 

Image mobile devices (laptops) for preparation of testing

Create and post documents on SharePoint directory 

	

	01/2008 – 07/2013     Hewlett Packard (HP) Enterprise Services (DHS)            Washington, DC

Software Test Engineer

Performed Functional Qualification Testing (FQT) against Student Exchange Visitor Information System (SEVIS) Web-based Java application with Oracle back-end database

Collaborated with project team to verify and analyze requirements were clear, concise and testable to ensure the test effort meets customer expectations

Developed and executed manual test cases in Quality Center

Documented test procedures and report results in Tracker

Documented defects in Tracker in detail with repeatable steps

Conducted/Participated in work product reviews for test cases, test plans, design, requirements and interface documents and user manuals

Prepared Test Plan, Requirements Traceability Matrix, and Test Analysis Report adhering to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) System Lifecycle Management (SLM) process

Prepared Development Test Plans (DTP) and Development Test Analysis Reports (DTAR)

	Performed Functional, Interface, Batch, Regression, System, and DHS Section 508 compliance testing on SEVIS application 

	04/2005 – 12/2007     Electronic Data Systems (EDS) (DHS)           Washington, DC

Software Test Lead Engineer                                                                                                 

Presented Functional Quality Test (FQT) results at Test Readiness Reviews (TRR) 

Planned and controlled testing activities: writing Test Plan deliverables, Test Analysis Report deliverables and establishing test standards

Created, maintained and executed automation test suite using Quality Test Plan (QTP)

Generated test data using GUI, QTP, XML and batch interface

Lead test team in support of seven ICE systems applications

Created and modified SQL queries to perform data validation and back end testing 

Worked in a team environment with close interaction with Program and, Project Managers, Software Developers, Configuration Managers, Requirements staff, and Database Administrators to ensure the quality of the applications

	

	11/1998 – 3/2005 Science Application International Corporation (SAIC)        Washington, DC

Software Systems Engineer

Allocated resources for releases to ensure the test team members adhere to the project release schedule

Provided test level of effort for system change requests to prepare release project schedule for the customer

Provided support during independent System Acceptance Testing for E-Filing application

Conducted testing status meetings with project team to discuss open issues and test progress 

Collaborated with project team in analyzing requirements to ensure the test effort meets customer expectations

Established and conducted cross-training and knowledge sharing to mitigate single point of failure 

Education



Old Dominion University	Norfolk, VA

Bachelor of Science, Management Information Systems 

Skills



Application Testing, Quality Assurance, Quality Center, TOAD, Oracle SQL*PLUS, XML Files, Batch Testing, Merant PVS Tracker, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Exchange, PVCS Version Manager, SAS, COBOL II, OS/390, File Transfer Protocol (FTP), Web-based Training, CA-Verify, Xtrieve, ROSCOE, Leadership Internship Program, HP ALM 

Technical Training



2013 - OAST – Trusted Tester Certified(Section 508) - Certificate

2012 – Quick Test Professional/Functional testing v10 Essentials

2012 – Integrating Quick Test Professional 10.x with Quality Center

security clearance



November 2013, Risk Level 6C, U.S. Census Bureau

July 2005, Risk Level 6C, U.S. Department of Homeland Security

October 2004, DOD Secret

July 1997, Risk Level 6C, U.S. Department of Justice/Immigration & Naturalization Services





		se

	Se	sEBRINA mALONE	3\n
AAKANKSHA JAIN
College Park, MD 20740  301.204.1250  aakanksha.jain@rhsmith.umd.edu  https://www.linkedin.com/in/aakanksha-jain
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems
 Teaching Assistant, Data Models and Decisions at Robert H. Smith School of Business
 VP of Administration, Information Systems Association
The LNM Institute of Information Technology, Jaipur, India
Bachelor of Technology, Electronics and Communication Engineering
 Teaching Assistant, Electronics II at LNM Institute of Information Technology
 Coordinator, Marketing Team, Vivacity Fest

Aug 2016 - Dec 2017
GPA – 3.92

Aug 2010 - May 2014
GPA – 3.49

SKILLS






Analysis and Modeling Tools: MS Excel, R, Python, Tableau, Solver, SQL Server, Palisade Decision Tools
Languages: Java, XML, C, VHDL, HTML, CSS, Javascript
Testing: SDLC, Agile, HP QC 12.0, Selenium IDE, 2.0, JIRA
Others: Certified Google Analytics, Certified Google AdWords, Salesforce, Wireshark, Lucid Charts, Mail Chimp

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Software Engineer - Tech Mahindra Limited, India
Jun 2014 - Jul 2016
 Gathered complex business requirements for a Fortune 500 telecom firm to provide solutions to their customer services
 Worked as a single point of contact to client and design team for customer acceptance testing and application functionality
queries; chaired internal scrum calls, live sign off report creation and increased client’s profit by 15%
 Performed application testing using AGILE Scrum methodology, Designed test cases and achieved defect removal efficiency of
92.6% and 30% reduction in new features deployment time through defect management using HP QC 12.0
 Designed and executed automated test cases, regression test packs and analyzed reports using Selenium IDE and Grid 2.0
 Defined business scope, created dashboard report using Tableau and presented it to client and senior executives
 Conducted on-boarding process and mentored 2 newly hired employees on the technical aspects of telecom domain and project
Summer Intern - Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, India
May 2013 - Jul 2013
 Examined SCADA security threats, incidents and vulnerabilities along with issues that impede security advances/initiatives
 Applied machine learning algorithms which gave 93% correlation coefficient after 3 iterations for anomaly in power plant
PROJECTS
GradStats4U - Salesforce application for comparing US graduate schools’ ranking data from multiple sources (2016)
Technologies used- Salesforce, SQL Server Management Studio, Lucidchart, PHP
 Collected real-time data to compare ranking criterion for 32 universities from 7 existing ranking websites.
 Created ER Schemas and relational database, defined business transactions and wrote dynamic DDL and DML queries.
 Developed a Salesforce application to visualize 726 records using dashboards and reports.
Statistical Inference and Linear Regression applied to get validation data set results for 30000 loans of Lending Club (2016)
Concepts used- Data visualization, Hypothesis Test, Regression Models and Formulation, One-way ANOVA
 Performed statistical analysis to determine the variation in mean interest rate with 99% confidence interval.
 Developed exponential regression model with 72% accuracy to predict the interest rate for loans to potential customers
Digital Business Market Analysis of DraftKings (an online gaming portal for daily fantasy sports) (2016)
Concepts used – Porters 5 forces, SWOT Analysis, Network Effects, Platform Mobilization
 Evaluated DraftKings as a platform, identified their user acquisition strategies and network effects used for profit generation
 Analyzed and recommended bundling strategy, merger and big data utilization as per future predictions for the industry
Donco Telecom Consulting Challenge (2016)
Country Profiling, Wireless & Wireline Extensive requirement gathering, Demand analysis, SWOT Analysis,
 Performed data network, network security, infrastructure and market feasibility analysis for Zimbabwe telecom market.
 Recommended ADSL and FFTH network requirements and feasible locations to setup supplier base for Donco company
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 Ambassador, Smith Master Student Association- Represented and organized events for specialty masters courses
 Member, Sankalp (Social Responsibility Club), The LNMIIT - Persuaded women in nearby villages to learn basics of
Computer and MS Office, trained college mess workers on how to read and write in English and basics of mathematics
 Member, School and Undergraduate College Basket Ball Team, Reached semi-finals in inter college fest Desportivos
 Awarded ‘Pat on the Back Award’ at Tech Mahindra for excellence in application testing and client satisfaction
 Certified in Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, Stanford Engineering from Udacity

\n
Mike Chung

3288 Kaiser Drive Ellicott City, MD, 21043 | Mikechung27@gmail.com • (443) 827-3829



Education

	  University of Maryland College Park, Robert H. Smith School of Business	Expected May, 2016

	 Bachelors of Science, Finance and Operations Management	GPA: 3.63/4.0



	  Howard Community College Columbia, MD                                                                                         May 2011-May 2013

	Associate of Arts in Business and Technology	GPA: 3.6/4.0



Work Experience

	  KPMG US: Risk Consulting Intern | Citigroup                                                                                                June 2015-August 2015

	Audited and created SOC1 Reports for Citigroup

	Effectively tested and implemented IT controls to mitigate clients’ financial and operation risks

	Developed and implemented a clear and effective IT strategy to support the clients’ business objectives

	Attended conference meetings with Citigroup’s executives to review, discuss their risk profiles and concerns

	Conducted market research in order to write up a business proposal for a new potential client



	  Poppleton Food Market: Manager/Owner	2006-Present

	Organize timescales for manageable activities and resources needed

	Quantify daily inventory in order to maintain an efficient business

	Increase sales from $1060 to $2000 through researching and developing new marketing opportunities and strategies

	

	   Johnny’s Lawn Care: Co-Founder	June 2009-June 2011

	Supervised and trained new employees in order for them to provide superior service/work

	Handled financial duties such as financial sheets, balance sheet, statement of cash flow

	Interacted with prospective clients and identified new opportunities



                                                           Professional Activities

	   Banking and Private Wealth Management Fellows Program                                                                      Sept 2014-Present

	Gain applicable knowledge in Financial Planning, Asset Management and Risk Management

	

	  Howard County Volunteer Center, Leadership Training Program	Sept 2013

	Acquired basic project management skills such as: planning, time management, communication



					Honors & Awards	

		Community of Aspiring Shareholders (CASH) Member	   Present                   

		Office of Multi-Ethnic Student Education Academy of Academic Excellence Award                                             March 2015

		Presidents Scholarship, Robert H. School of Business                                                                                                    Sept 2014

		Finalist, Annual Top Entrepreneurship Competition                                                                                                       June 2013

		

		

Skills & Qualifications

	Languages: Fluent in Korean and English

	Bloomberg Certified – Equity Analysis\n
Nisha Khanal

Senior QA Engineer

Lorton, VA.

703-946-8064

Permanent Resident



SUMMARY



A software professional with more than Seven years of experience in Quality Assurance & Testing activities.

Experience in complete SDLC and STLC, including estimating, requirements gathering, analysis, design, as well as manual, automation and performance testing.

Experience with different mobile testing tools - Android, SDK and iPhone (iOS) Configuration Utility tool.

Extensive knowledge in working with - Win Runner, Test Director, Quick Test Professional (QTP), and Quality Center.

Specialized in identifying edge cases, defects and design flaws in all major browsers, devices, stand-alone and web applications (Java and .NET)

Ability to perform end-to-end testing, including Functional, System, Performance, Integration, Regression, GUI, UAT, Security, Load, Database, and Usability testing.

Proficient in using Quality Center for test management, defect tracking, and reporting.

Extensive experience in Manual Testing of Mainframe and Client-Server based Applications.

Worked in methodologies like Agile and Waterfall.

Performed unit testing using JUnit. 

Coding and executing performance tracking and reporting scripts in Oracle SQL, PL/SQL, JavaScript and HTML.

Conducting UAT and executing test cases and test scripts via the HP Lifecycle Management tool.

Developed SQL queries and stored procedures with cursors and functions to create and load test data using TOAD for Data Analysis and QA reporting and testing.

Extensive working knowledge of HP ALM.

As a proactive team member interacted with business analysts, release engineer, developers, business customers and database admin throughout the SDLC process from estimates to release.





EDUCATION



Bachelors of Science, Strayer University Washington DC	-	 3.65 GPA



Master of Science, Kathmandu University, Kathmandu Nepal





SKILLS



TEST REPORTING TOOLS

QTP, Mercury Quality Center, HP ALM, Test Director, Load Runner, Win Runner. JUnit, SOAP UI, IBM Main Frame, RQM

OPERATING SYSTEMS

Windows 95/98/XP/2000/2003, UNIX/LINUX, Veritas, iOS

Defect Tracking

Microsoft Test Management tools, Test Director/ Quality Center/ ALM

Databases

Oracle 8/8i, MS SQL Server 7.x/2000, Microsoft Access, Toad

BUSINESS/ Design TOOLS

Rational Suite, MS Visio

BUSINESS SKILLS	

Business Definition, Requirements, Business Process Analysis, Gap Analysis, Use Case Modeling & Analysis

DBMS

Oracle, MS Access, MS SQL 

MS OFFICE SOFTWARE

MS OFFICE Suite (Word, excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Project)

METHODOLOGIES

RUP, UML, Agile, Waterfall, SDLC, RAD, JAD, CRM, SWOT

SCRIPTING LANGUAGE

HTML, SQL & PL/SQL, Java

Bug Reporting Tool

Serena Team Track, Quality Center/ALM, Test Director, IBM RTC 









EXPERIENCE



Dept. of Commerce, Census Bureau                                                                                           March 2016-Present

System Tester

			   		    

The Administrative and Management Systems Division (AMSD) provides central administrative and management systems support for the U.S. Census Bureau. Currently working as, a prominent Tester in Modernization and ETMIS ADF (Oracle Application Development Framework) Application in CBS Team.





Roles & Responsibilities:



Involved in analyzing Business Requirements Documents for Modernization Application.



Designed and created the Project Test Plan, which defines the scope, approach and deliverables of testing using HP ALM 12.

Backend testing using TOAD in Test FDR and Test World database.



Generated reports in front end and validated reports in back end to ensure data integrity and validates Business rules.



Participated in application demo and technical reviews all through the development phase.



Involved in defect triage meetings with the developers and project management. Experienced in working with business analysts to understand the domain from client's business perspective.



Attended and provided input to bi-weekly status meetings and provided bi-weekly status reports

Working as a team to improve the testing process in CBS Team



Validated BI Publisher Report



Attended various meetings with business analyst, developers, production support team for new modernization applications.





Environment: HP ALM 12, UNIX, Oracle 11g Release 2(11.2), Oracle 10g Admin Client 10.2.0.0, TOAD Development, Windows 2000/XP Professional, Toad, Microsoft ActiveSync, Microsoft SOAP Toolkit version 3, Oracle Web Logic Server, Serena Reporting Tool, XML, XSLT, XSD, MS-Office& Publisher.





State of Maryland DHRIS – CHESSIE / XEROX-TCC	                                                   April 2015-Feb 2016



Role: UAT Test Analyst



CHESSIE           



The project is based on State of MD CHESSIE (the new Maryland Children’s Electronic Social Services Information Exchange System).

                                                                                                               

Responsibilities



Participated in reviews of Business Requirements specifications to ensure documentation is understandable.

Identified Testable Scenarios and Prepared Test cases.

Executed Test Plan and UAT test cases.

Developed System, Regression UAT Test Cases based on business requirements, designs and business scenarios where necessary

Executed the test scripts and raised defects as necessary.

Ensured test case requirement Traceability

Facilitated and participated in Test Case conformance reviews

Validated BI Reports

Communicated with test leads and developers to define the scope of testing

Logged in defects found while testing the applications

Performed UAT regression testing after the defects were fixed.

Conducted manual testing of the CHESSIE applications.

Provided status to Testing Coordinator

Attended testing status meetings.	

Attended UAT walk-through meeting with System Tester, BA and Developer.

Used IBM Rational Quality Manager for creating and executing test cases.



Environment: Power Builder, CYBASE, IBM Main Frame, Rational Quality Manager, RTC, Browsers – IE, Chrome, Windows 7, Microsoft Office, SQL





Lockheed Martin, Arlington, VA						Jan 2014 - Feb 2015



UAT Analyst

GECO



Lockheed Martin is one of the largest government contractors.  The project was to develop and upgrade existing e-commerce application for marketing, merchandising, and sales processes for Gov. The company’s categories include from electronics, appliances, household goods, lawn and garden products and much more. My project was to test the Point of Sales System (POS) for their inventory management, Retail Management System.



Responsibilities



Documented detailed test plans, test cases, test scripts and expected results in Quality Center and tracing the test cases to the requirements.

Actively participated in the pre-testing that included a review of the required documents, studying the use cases for developing test plans and collection of test data.

Performed load and performance testing. Used Mercury Load Runner HP tool for the purpose of load, performance and stress testing

Executed performance test scripts using Load Runner and Performance Center tools.

Working knowledge of Team Foundation Server and work on an automated framework for regression testing using POS

Planned for and reviewed the Test cases for Functionality, Performance, Database and User Acceptance testing.

Designed and documented Test Procedures and Test Cases for UAT, functional and integration testing.

Involved in User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and reviewing the feedback.

Performed integration testing of applications code and design, maintainable and extensible automated test scripts using Quick Test Pro and reusable automated test function for Quick Test Pro script.

Used Quick Test Pro for automation of functional and regression testing and verifying the applications expected behavior at different stages by inserting various Checkpoints.

Implemented Quick Test Pro scripts and executed automated testing with Quality Center.

Extensively created Data Driven Test scripts to read data from Excel files for testing. Checked for data boundaries/limits, incorrect input of data.

Created documentation from SOAPUI for the Web Service created. 

Executed multi-user performance tests, used online monitors, real-time output messages and other features of the Load Runner Controller

Involved in integration testing of the complete Retail Management system by integrating the modules like Inventory, Sales, Finance, Customer Relationship and Supply Chain. 

Participated in walkthroughs for the evaluation of the test plan with the project manager, business analyst, design and development team.

Gathered requirements for the integration of POS system with the supply chain system

Environment: QTP, IBM Main Frame, Rational Quality Manager, RTC, Browsers – IE, Chrome, Windows 7, Microsoft Office, SQL







Abbott Laboratories @ Richmond, VA			                                                    Oct 2012- Nov 2013

Role: UAT Tester

Transfer Pricing



The project is based on the Transfer Pricing process between the Third Party and Inter-companies. The Oracle Integrated Operation Planning application provides a framework for the calculation of the transfer pricing and to update all the entities about the pricing policies. The users use the software to contact the Data Owners, Buyers and Sellers and calculate the Transfer prices for Abbott.  





Responsibilities



Was involved from the start of the SDLC participating in estimating the time frames (LOE), requirements gathering, translating them into functional specifications, design review, coming up with a test plan, documenting all the edge cases, test case reviews, writing test cases in parallel to the development team so the tests are ready to be executed once the implementation is complete. 

Wrote and executed test cases using HP ALM.

Performed functional testing, system testing, integration testing, regression testing periodically for each release, recording the results (actual vs expected) and reporting the defects using ALM to the team.

Regression tests included mobile app testing and mobile web along with all the major browsers in web/iPad

Worked with both real devices in pre-production environment and Emulators/Simulators.

Involved in testing web services using SOAP UI.

Pre-approved and post approved Scripts with Validation Change Request (VCR) to provide electronic review, annotation, signature for electronic records and signature control.

Involved in extensive data validation using SQL queries.

Involved in user acceptance testing by providing test data for users and by testing UAT defects in test environment before, the new code gets moved to UAT environment.

Created test execution report, test completion report for test sign off, documented the testing process and test evaluation summary.

Used HP Quality Center/ALM, QTP for tracking and reporting for Internal High Level access and also create reports and update bug status.



Environment: QTP 10.5, IBM Main Frame, Ration Quality Manager, Load Runner 10, VB Script, Visio, StarTeam, CVS, PVCS Tracker, DB2, UNIX, RQM, Serena Team Track, FIX, XML, HTML, SOAP UI, iOS





Bayer @ Pittsburgh, PA					                                             Nov 2011 – August 2012 





Role: Junior Quality Analyst

Bayer HealthCare



Bayer is currently the third largest pharmaceutical company in the world. In Bayer the three subgroups and three service companies operate independently, led by the management holding company. The Corporate Center supports the Group Management Board in its task of strategic leadership. The project deals with providing health care to all the employees, online access to view their progress, mobile app support. 



Responsibilities



Was involved in creating a testing approach depending on the business and technical requirements. 

Designed and developed detailed test plans and test cases, documented the plan.

Interacted proactively with the internal IT and QA team members to ensure successful implementation and support of project efforts by ensuring consistent IT Compliance practices.

Performed Smoke, Functional, Integration, System, Regression and User Acceptance Testing using QTP.

Created automated test cases using Selenium Web Driver and Selenium GRID.

Generated VUsers Scripts using VUser Generator.

Created text area checkpoints to test the properties of the text in the application.

Performed functionality testing based on Object Oriented Programming/C.

Tested the properties of the tables using table checkpoints using Load Runner.

Bugs were reported to developers by using ALM and after rectification from developers regression testing was performed. 

Used Load Runner online graphs to check for possible bottlenecks in the application to improve the performance of the application.

Used Soap UI for testing the Web Services.

Created page checkpoints to test the properties and contents of the web page.

Responsible for identifying gaps, mapping data attribute from existing client sources to the target reporting data model. 

Handle the tasks of developing best coding standards and testing practices of Microsoft SharePoint 2010.

Assigned responsibilities of testing data entry sites and SharePoint architectural design

Performed back-end testing using SQL queries using Toad for Oracle.

Created, executed, coded and enhanced the automation test scripts using QTP.

Extensively worked on various QA test strategy plans and automated test solutions with Mercury Interactive Test Suite (Load Runner, Quick Test Pro and Test Director). 



Environment: HP ALM 11, QTP 10.5, Selenium Web Driver 2.44, Agile, UNIX, Oracle, MS SQL Server 2000, Java, TCL, Toad, Windows XP/2000, Internet Explorer, MS-Office, Microsoft SharePoint, SOAP UI, Mercury Interactive Test Suite, BM Main Frame.\n
Eric cottrell

4694 Eagle Path  Winston-Salem, NC 27127  Phone: (703) 309-4121  eric.cottrell@gmail.com 

CERTIFIED EPIC CACHÉ & ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR

I am a Certified Oracle Database Administrator with over 15 years of IT experience and over 10 years of experience with large scale databases in a high availability environment. I have experience installing and maintaining Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c databases on a variety of platforms (AIX, RedHat and Solaris) in addition to configuration and management of Oracle RAC, ASM, Data Guard and Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c Cloud Control technology. I possess strong communication skills used to effectively work and communicate with stakeholders and functional groups across multiple organizations. I currently possess Epic Certified System Manager, Oracle Database 11g Administrator Certified Associate, Security+, ITIL v3 Foundation, Certified ScrumMaster, and Microsoft Certified Professional certifications.

Certifications

Oracle Database 11g Certified Associate (OCA)

Oracle Corporation, Dec 2014

Caché on Unix System Manager Certification

Epic Corporation, November 2015

Security+ce

CompTIA, June 2011

ITIL V3 Foundation

EXIN, July 2011

Certified ScrumMaster

Scrum Alliance, August 2015

MCP (Microsoft Certified Professional)

Microsoft, June 2003 

Professional Experience

Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center – Winston-salem, NC

5/2016 – Present

Senior Enterprise Database Engineer – Epic Caché and Oracle

Key Responsibilities

Responsible for applying Epic System Updates (SUs) as needed to all environments.

Assisted team with upgrade of Epic 2014 to Epic 2015 using the command line interface.

Responsible for monitoring the health and to maintain capacities via System Pulse.

Responsible for troubleshooting and resolving warning and error conditions.

Installed, managed, and maintained Oracle 11g and 12c databases on Red Hat Enterprise Linux and IBM AIX platforms.

Successfully led project to implement Oracle advanced compression to a 13 terabyte database.

Installation, upgrade, and patching Oracle Database versions 11g and 12c.

Setup and managed Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c to perform monitoring and maintenance functions on all Oracle servers across the enterprise.

Implemented Oracle Data Guard as a disaster recovery solution. 

Worked with multiple development teams to diagnose and correct database performance issues.

Responsible for review and promotion of application code from non-production to production databases.

Responsible for support of data governance, regulatory, and security processes and protocols.



Carilion Clinic – Roanoke, VA

4/2015 – 5/2016

Database Administrator

Key Responsibilities

Implement and maintain disaster recovery solution for Oracle 11g and 12c databases on an AIX platform using Oracle Data Guard.

Installation, upgrade, and patching Oracle Database versions 10g, 11g, and 12c.

Perform Epic Upgrades, Cache Upgrades, environment refreshes, Epic Special Update (SU) application in PROD and non-PROD environments.

Install and maintain Epic monitoring tools (RedAlert and SystemPulse).

Understanding or Epic high availability, failover methods utilizing Mirroring.

Certified ScrumMaster Certification attained.

Caché on Unix System Manager Certification attained.

1901 GROUP, LLC – BLACKSBURG, VA

9/2010 – 4/2015

Oracle Database Administrator

Key Responsibilities:

Performed tasks for multiple clients including the US Army, Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) and the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT).

Responsible for Oracle 10g and 11g enterprise database administration in a Solaris 10 and Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 and 6 environment.

Lead Oracle DBA for Platform Management as a Service team responsible for all aspects of database administration including managing users and privileges, creating and modifying database objects, creating and modifying storage structures, configuring and tuning databases.

Implemented Oracle database high-availability solutions utilizing Oracle Real Application Clustering and disaster recovery solutions using Oracle Active Data Guard.

Implemented Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c to assist with management of Oracle software and servers hosting Oracle applications.

Participated on a team responsible migration of legacy applications to Army Acquisition Business Portal.

Responsible for promotion of code from development to test and from test to production.

Installed, setup and configured Oracle databases in production, QA and development environments.

Responsible for research, application and testing of Oracle critical patches.

Implemented database refreshes using Oracle Data Pump.

Reviewed monthly scans per Information Assurance directives documenting mitigation actions and false positives as required.

Created and maintained existing documentation for the Army Acquisition, VDOT and OPIC environments.

Consistently resolved issues and problems meeting established internal and external SLAs.

SSCI, INC – ARLINGTON, VA

1/2009– 9/2010

Oracle Database Administrator

Key Responsibilities:

Worked as part of a team to ensure high availability of Oracle databases at over 250 embassies and consulates worldwide. 

Subject matter expert regarding transport of data between US Department of State and the US Department of Homeland Security via AQ to AQ and AQ to MQ propagation using IBM MQ WebSphere and Oracle messaging gateway. 

Ensured continuous replication between remote sites and domestically located master database sites using Oracle multi-master replication. 

Installed, setup and configure Oracle databases in production, QA and development environments. 

Created and modified tables, stored procedures, triggers, indexes, users and roles. 

Reviewed and deployed database scripts from multiple development teams. 

Implemented database refreshes using Oracle import/export. 

Performed regular monitoring and tuning of Oracle databases. 

Participated in on-call rotations to support high availability environment. 

Maintained documentation for and provide mentoring/training to database operations members. 

  SSCI, INC – ARLINGTON, VA

Operations Database Administrator 							  10/2007 – 1/2009

Key Responsibilities:

Served as a Database Operator for the Data Engineering Group task (DEG), Consular Affairs bureau within the U.S. Department of State.

Managed database operations related to visa processing on systems in Washington, DC, and over 230 consular posts abroad. Utilize Remedy ticketing system to track and update requests.

Performed monitoring, administration & troubleshooting of Oracle databases (primarily utilizing NetIQ to perform monitoring duties).

Maintained and updated Windows 2000/2003 server configurations including RAID settings, OS folder and file permissions, user accounts (roles and privileges) and passwords.

Performed remote operations on database systems including Oracle software installations and upgrades, backup and recovery procedures, data replication, and performance tuning.

Monitored all production databases for primary and standby database backup status, available space, transaction counts, and overall system health.

Maintained operations and support documentation related to the task.

ENTERPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES, INC – VIENNA, VA

4/2007 – 10/2007

Business Systems Analyst

Key Responsibilities:

Provided technical/analysis support as a member of development team working on Windows-based custom/proprietary software applications deployed at the U.S. State Department in Washington, D.C. and at U.S. State Department embassies and consulates worldwide.

Performed requirements analysis, authored use cases and technical documentation while adhering to CMMI level 2 compliance. 

ENTERPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES, INC – VIENNA, VA

4/2005 – 4/2007

Tier 2 Application Support Lead

Key Responsibilities:

Provided 2nd tier customer application support for Windows based custom/proprietary software applications that are deployed at the US Department of State. Second level application support consisted of resolving application issues via phone and email support with US Department of State personnel.

Application lead for software supported by Level 2 Support acting as primary point of contact within tier 2 support team. 

Acted as mentor to junior analysts providing training and guidance for supported applications. 

Provided the highest level of customer support to other entities that I came in contact with (client, co-workers, other contractors). 

Responded to Remedy tickets in accordance with Service Level Agreements and Operating Level Agreements.

Researched application problems by reviewing and investigating data in the client's Oracle server. 

Reviewed, documented and validated solutions within knowledgebase. 

Demonstrated ability to resolve over 95% of assigned trouble tickets without escalation. 

Certified in applications supported by tier 2 support team.

UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN – ANN ARBOR, MI

9/2000 – 3/2005

Computer Systems Specialist

Key Responsibilities:

Provided first line of customer technical helpdesk support for ICLE’s web-based and software products serving Michigan’s 35,000+ attorneys.

Provided employees with training to maintain and increase web and technical knowledge to service external customers. 

Worked closely with other departments to promote a high level of customer satisfaction. 

Trained customer service staff in the use of ICLE’s website and software products and how to assist users with product issues. 

Alerted ICLE development staff to problems and concerns regarding ICLE’s website and software and recommend solutions/enhancements for ease of use. 

Recommended and assist with on-going staff training including individual and group training, documentation and training materials preparation. 

Performed computer helpdesk responsibilities including resolving hardware, software, and network problems to meet the user’s operational needs.

Installed, modified, and maintained stand-alone and networked computer systems, applications and peripherals.

Recommend and assist with staff software training including individual training, documentation, and training materials preparation. 

Assisted in and executed problem resolution for systems hardware, software, network attachment and other operational needs. 

Performed system information back up of mission critical data. 

Education

King University – Bristol, TN

Bachelor of Information Technology (with Distinction), May 2014



WASHTENAW COMMUNITY COLLEGE – ANN ARBOR, MI

Computer Networking Operating Systems, Advanced Certificate, 2003



VIRGINIA POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE AND STATE UNIVERSITY – BLACKSBURG, VA

Communication Studies Major



EASTERN SHORE COMMUNITY COLLEGE – MELFA, VA

AAS, General Studies, 1996



Technology Summary

Epic 2014, 2015 NVT/Intersystems Cache Database 2015

Oracle Database Enterprise Edition versions 9i, 10g, 11g, and 12c

Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 12c

Oracle High Availability Solutions

Oracle RAC (Real Application Cluster)

Oracle ASM (Automatic Storage Manager)

Oracle Data Pump (Import and Export)

RMAN (Recovery Manager) Backup and Recovery

Oracle Active Data Guard for Disaster Recovery

Tuning using AWR, ADDM, SQL Tuning Advisor

Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 and 6

IBM AIX 7.1 on Power

Windows Server 2008

Active Directory

SQL

PL/SQL

Dynamic Naming Service (DNS)

Network File Systems (NFS)

VMWare

Toad for Oracle Database

Familiar with Dell Shareplex, Oracle Golden Gate and People Soft, TKPROF and SQLT.



Eric Cottrell Resume										Page 1\n
Kay Adeyosoye

Active Top Secret Clearance



Experience Summary

Information Assurance professional with 9 years of experience within the Information assurance field and 12 years of technical experience. Broad knowledge and understanding of Information Assurance and System Management with the ability to analyze, evaluate, and solve problems of difficult process or technical nature while possessing strong interpersonal and troubleshooting skills.  

	Core Competencies 

Cyber security concepts/operations

Security Authorization  (SA) Formerly Certification & Accreditation (C&A) 

Application, Networking, System Administration & Security 

System Integration Planning

Risk Assessment, POA&M Management, Vulnerability Assessments 

Continuous Monitoring

Security Policy Design

Incidence Response 

Physical Security Assessment

Privacy, Regulatory Compliance, Policy Implementation

Contingency Plan Test (CPT) & Disaster Recovery

Unix/Linux (Limited)

System Development Lifecycle (SDLC)

Authentication & Access Control

MS  Windows & Office products

Work Experience

Knowledge Consulting Group, Inc.						       January 2013 - August 2015

Client: U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Transportation Security Administration (TSA) 



Information System Security Officer (ISSO)	



Won ISSO of the quarter award for Q1 Fiscal year 14

Maintain and update all SAP documentation at least annually or as the system changes

Complete and maintain Interconnection Security Agreement (ISA) for any new connections outside of USCIS

Complete and maintain any required Memorandum of Agreement/Understanding (MOA/MOU) or copies of these agreements if they are applicable to the system

Maintain an up to date Inventory of all System Components

Ensure Rules of Behavior are signed for all system users

Review Audit Logs on a weekly basis

Manage and remediate all POA&Ms 

Ensure a visitor log is being utilized and maintained for access to system components

Complete Waivers, Exceptions, and Accepted Risks (WEAR) as required

Review monthly scan reports and open POA&Ms as required

Ensure system remains patched and hardened according to DHS requirements

Conduct Annual Assessments and CP Testing

Ensure maintenance of system components is implemented via the Change, Configuration, and Release Management (CCRM) processes and procedures

Provide code review & approval prior to deployment into production

Report any and all incidents via the Incident Response process and procedures

Once approved for entry into the OA Program: Test controls and maintain the Control Allocation Table (CAT), Maintain Trigger Accountability Log (TRAL), Participate in monthly Risk Management Board (RMB) meetings.

Using IACS (XACTA) to maintain all related assigned system information such as continuous monitoring, documentation, PO&AM management etc.



Knowledge Consulting Group, Inc.						       June 2010 - January 2013

Client: DHS Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE)



Information System Security Officer (ISSO)	



Developed and implemented documentation outlining system operating environment, to include the overall mission, floor layout, hardware configuration, software, type of information processed, user organizations, operating mode, interconnections to other systems and networks, and associated responsibilities per NIST and DHS guidelines. 

Developed and maintained the overall system security document, the Information Security Plan, which contained all necessary security controls. 

Performed continuous monitoring on assigned systems, maintain assigned systems’ Authorization to Operate (ATO). Participates and coordinates in Critical Control Reviews (CCRs) for assigned systems with the DHS review team. 

Participated in the development or revision of system-specific security safeguards and local operating procedures. 

Ensured all security controls were implemented on development systems throughout the system development life cycle (SDLC). Provided IT security engineering advice during system development. 

Provided IT security consulting to system owner for security documents, for example, security incident reports, equipment or software inventories, operating instructions, technical vulnerability reports, and contingency plans. 

Worked closely with Certifiers and Risk Analyst to navigate the ICE Security Authorization process and produce all appropriate authorization documentation. 

Conducted ongoing vulnerability testing of assigned systems to verify that security and operational controls were functional, effective, and met DHS standards. 

Performed interpretations of vulnerability scan results of assigned systems. 

Gained a familiarity with WebInspect, Nessus, and DbProtect within ICE. Monitored assigned systems via BigFix tool. 

Created, managed, and tracked all POA&Ms found through the Security Authorization process, assessment, contingency plan test, CCR, etc. 

Coordinated with the Security Operation Center (SOC) on all security incidents. Conducted day-to-day security operations for assigned systems. 

Initiated proactive and corrective measures when a security incident or vulnerability was discovered.

Reviewed system and application audit logs on a weekly basis. Established, followed, and retained audit trails.

							Customer Value Partners 		                                 January 2009 - June 2010

Client: United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Food Safety and Inspection Services (FSIS)



System Security Analyst



Reviewed C&A documents after each major system upgrade or within every three years following NIST guidelines. 

Performed Security Testing and Evaluation (ST&E) on systems using NIST 800-53A controls as part of the C&A process and updated C&A documentation accordingly. 

Performed Risk Assessment (RA) and Self-Assessment (SA), analyzed the results, and recommended mitigation solutions. 

Performed system categorization sensitivity of information and information systems using FIPS 199 and NIST 800-60. 

Developed and updated all IT Security documents (SSP, ST&E, RA, and SA) for information systems. 

Performed vulnerability, application scanning, baseline configuration, and research for any found vulnerability and recommend mitigations using Retina and Watchfire AppScan. 

Provided and tracked vulnerability reports for management and system owners. 

Performed validation testing of mitigated weaknesses and ensured that C&A documentation was updated accordingly. 

Tracked, maintained, and updated Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) for systems in Cyber Security Assessment & Management (CSAM) tool. Updated systems information, documentations and system Inventory in CSAM for FISMA report. 

Assisted with Physical Site Security Assessments on Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) contractor facilities. 

Assisted with and reviewed technical security policies, procedures, and directives. 

Performed and analyzed the results of technical security assessment testing of a DNS server using NIST 800-81. 

Performed Privacy Threshold Analysis on all FMCSA systems to determine if a Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) was needed. 

Assisted other team members with other tasks.









Alutiiq LLC									August 2005 - March 2008

Client: For United States Small Business Administration (SBA)



Account Administrator / Security Analyst (IT Security)



Conducted research pertaining to the latest viruses, worms, vulnerabilities, and the technological advances in combating unauthorized access to information. 

Performed vulnerability scanning on all systems and provide results to system owners for vulnerability mitigation using Foundstone and Nessus software. 

Performed routine security assessments and audits for systems. 

Performed daily Intrusion Detection Sensor (IDS) monitoring to ensure that all sensors were active. 

Administered and monitored firewall using Checkpoint software and encrypted laptops using SafeBoot.

Managed spam and Web filtering software to reduce spam emails and offensive Web material using Websense. 

Performed administration for two-factor authentication accounts and set up. 

Performed self-assessments on systems for C&A, and assisted with reviewing and formatting C&A documents. 

Ensured project documentation was as accurate and detailed as possible. 

Managed Computer Security Awareness Training (CSAT) by enforcing Small Business Administration (SBA) regulations for end users to complete required training. 

Performed user access administration and maintenance functions for SBA employees, contractors and customers. 

Added, deleted, and modified user access profiles and application in a Web environment. 

Responded to users’ requests and inquiries relating to system and application access in UNIX, mainframe, and Web environments. 

Managed Share-point site, prepared weekly, monthly and other reports as required, and updated metrics. 

Assisted with administering and reviewing firewall logs and IDS alerts; scanned systems for any vulnerability.

Skills

Security Technology/Tool: XACTA, Retina Network Security Scanner, Nessus, AppDetective, Nmap, BigFix, Check Point, SSH, SSL, IBM Watchfire, Foundstone Scanner, DBProtect, Digital Certificates, Wireshack, Snort, Password cracking tools (Cain and Abel, John the Ripper), Anti-Virus Tools (Norton, Symantec, McAfee, etc.) and Host of others tools used.

Operating Systems: Window(All), Microsoft Servers (All), UNIX-Based Systems (Sun Solaris), Linux/Server (Ubuntu/Debian OS)

Networking: LANs, WANs, VPNs, Routers, Firewalls, Switches, TCP/IP, OSI layer etc.

Software’s:  Microsoft (Word, Excel, Outlook, Access, PowerPoint, Publisher, Visio, Project, etc.), MS SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle, VERITAS Backup Exec, Adobe products (Dreamweaver, Premiere, Photoshop) WinZip, Virtualization (VMware, VirtualBox)

Browsers: Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari 

Web Servers:  Apache, Microsoft Internet Information Service (IIS).

Education



M.S., Information Assurance

University of Maryland University College



B.S., Computer Information Technology

Bowie State University



Recognition/Awards



Recognized as ISSO of the quarter at TSA, 2/2014



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Kay Adeyosoye	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 4 of 5\n
William Joseph Merritt Jr.

	150-34 118th avenue

	Jamaica, NY 11434

	Mobile: (718) 578-9213

	wmerritt72@gmail.com


PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

I am highly motivated self-starter, with experience in both team management, and hands on technical support for large and small companies. My ideal environment is one that will allow me to interface with the people I support, and allow for personal growth and learning. Whether leading or being part of a team, I always strive to make the most positive contribution to the organization. 

Specialties:

Helpdesk/Desktop Management, Process Improvement, Incident Management, EDiscovery, Windows/Mac OS Support, Mobile device support and management (IOS, Android, Blackberry), Vendor Management, Purchasing and Procurement, Various ticketing system, IT Reporting, Asset Management, Monitor systems and proactive support, Windows Administration. SQL, SeviceNow, ServiceDesk, Spiceworks, Uniflow. Active Directory, Exchange Management. Desktop Central, Kaspersky Security suite, Sophos, Uniflow, SecureJet, MS Office suite, Cisco Unity Call Manager, RSA, VPN, SCCM, PDQ, WDS, Reuter Plus, Bloomberg. Encryption. Crestron A/V equipment. Technology procurement and sourcing.

EXPERIENCE



Enterprise Support Operations Hands on Manager

Medidata    New York, NY                                    December 2015 - Present   



Managed the Global Support Operations Support team, overseeing offices in NYC, London, Tokyo, San Francisco and Seoul Korea

Coached and developed a team of 15 engineers across 5 countries and several states

In addition to managing the team, also provided hands on support the executive team in North America

Responsible for planning the IT operation for special company events and seminars.

Solely responsible for IT Procurement and Vendor management.

Implemented an Asset tracking system and process to help company achieve compliance with client audits

Revamped the Onboarding and Off boarding process, streamlining and automating several processes to increase efficiencies.

Provided Hands on support to Windows 10/7 and MacOS systems, as well as mobile devices.





Global End User Services Manager

Hedegeserv	New York, N.Y.				May 2015 – December 2015

Manage a team of 5 technicians in the NY office

Manage all service request and incident tickets entered into the queue. Tickets are even distributed to team members.

Troubleshoot issues with Windows/Mac OXS systems and applications.

Troubleshoot and fix a variety of printers issues, and mange the print server.

Provided follow the Sun support to our European and Sydney Users

Started a weekly new hire on boarding IT training class, to familiarize new starts with our organization and systems. 

Implemented a secure printing solution called Securejet.

Implemented Casper suite solution for integration of Mac OSX devices into the environment

Work closely with the Directory of Information Security to ensure all security policies are followed by helpdesk team, and provide insight and input to help steer future policy and risk assessment.

Trace and patch Network port panels to desk

Configure VPN access, and Mobile email access for clients.

Ensure that onboarding and off-boarding IT policies are followed, routinely performing audits of all active accounts in AD, Exchange, RSA, and other applications.

Perform software audits on all company machines to scan for unlicensed software.

Run though daily am/pm checklist for the office, to ensure systems availability and proactively correct any issues that may arise. Preformed Checks of VoIP system, Conference room A/V, Activesync test, Mail server, Data Domain, and Symantec Backups.

Maintain all office conference rooms, ensuring proper operation of video conferencing system and conference phones

Maintain list of D.I.D’s for phone extension assignments in Cisco Unity Call Manager

Maintain Keypass password database.

Enforce compliance with tick SLAs and manage workflow via Managed Engine Ticketing system

Developed and deployed an encryption policy for all corporate laptops, limiting access to devices without encryption deployed to secure company data.

Configured Mobile Device policies for encryption and email containerization to protect company intellectual property, and properly manage BYOD IOS and Android devices in the organization.

Configured and managed Uniflow secure printing system.

Responsible for the maintenance and cleanup of Active Directory OU’s

Implemented Group Policy drive mapping replacing older login script which had proven unreliable.

Setup Ziften as a desktop monitoring solution in an attempt to provide more proactive support to end users instead of reactive.

Managed multiple projects as the company expended and required controls to be put in place to achieve regulatory compliance.

Researched, implemented and maintained MDM system for manage mobile devices both corporate owned and BYOD. Defining policies to minimize potential for corporate data loss.

Maintain Active Directory Database.

Provide white glove IT service to owner of the company, and other high level executives within the company.

Maintain Hardware and inventory for NY office

Keep track of all licenses for software and RSA hard and soft tokens

Support Remove offices through Teamviewer during business hours and off hours

Maintain and update PC images on Windows Deployment Server







	

IT User Services/Desktop Support Manager 

Havas Media, New York, NY					May 2013 – April 14, 2015

Manage the North American IT service desk, which includes offices in NY, Boston, Atlanta, Miami, Chicago, San Francisco, and Toronto. Directly supervised a staff of 18 Technicians, 3 network engineers, and 2 Audio/Video Technicians

Responsible for the purchase and Asset tracking of all IT equipment including PCs, Mobile phones, Tablets, and AV equipment.

Enforced compliance with Ticket SLAs

Performed all IT Procurement and Sourcing functions for the organization

Developed and Manage Hardware Lifecycle for equipment

Troubleshoot issues with A/V Teleconferencing systems: Crestron, Polycom, Cisco

Cultivate client culture to train the customer to submit service tickets for support and discourage walk ups which disrupted helpdesk work flow.

Deployed PGP encryption to company laptops

Managed Lotus Notes Email Accounts

Responsible for payment and tracking of all invoicing as related to technology in the company.

Designed and implemented security policies and procedures governing remote access to network resources and PCs

Responsible for the direct hiring of IT support staff

Created and 24/7 escalation path for high priority issues for senior executives.

Setup Spiceworks ticking system then migrated to ServiceDesk once our needs grew.

Worked with Havas Spain and France in migrating remote access from RSA token based system, to smartphone authentication based Swivel system

Direct point of contact for dedicated support for company leadership team. I provided personal and direct dedicated support for issues with their, PC, Macs, applications or mobile devices

Created and documented various IT processes and policies to be enforced through the organization

Managed  the Active directory security database

Planned and executed multiple office moves across the country.

Create, process and approve payment of purchase orders to vendors and contractors







Assistant Vice President – Incident Engagement Manager

Citigroup, Hauppauge, NY					Sept 2011 – May 2013

Identify, escalate and manage severity 1 and 2 global incidents across the entire organization

Provide leadership during the following activities: Incident Identification, Investigation and Diagnosis; logging, categorizing and determining the severity of incidents; incident resolution or recovery via temporary workarounds; post incident discussion and customer verification of restoration of service. Creating and managing conference bridges.

Monitor critical applications, servers, Braches, offices for failures, and remediate where possible.

Monitor ServiceNow and Remedy Ticket queues for issues assigned to my group, and take ownership. Once assigned, attempt to remediate the issue, and escalate if remediation is not possible

Push software updates to branch workstations during off hours, and monitor for failures, remediating where possible and escalating when necessary.

Utilize the following monitoring tools: HP BAC (Mercury), CA Unicenter, Tivoli, Netcool, and Sitescope.

Compile a report of change activities throughout the company that may impact the systems we support.  I am solely responsible for the creation, verification, and distribution of the report to our team members and management.

Create and manage conference bridges for potential business impacting service interruptions







Officer – Distributed Technologies Supervisor                            		June 2010 – Sept. 2011

Citigroup, Weehawken, New Jersey



Supported windows Workstations and Thin Clients in the Weehawken and Greenwich offices

Performed software distribution packaging and scheduling

Supervised a team of 4 technicians

Maintained ticketing queue, assigning to various teams as necessary

Work with Tivoli monitoring team on the reduction of false alert events and improve on the time to resolve problems by performing monitoring gap analysis and creating tasks to add monitoring for applications that were identified as not having monitoring in place.

Provided remote support to offices in EMEA region during daylight hours



MerrittOne – Co Founder/Owner	March 08 – May 2015

New York, NY



Founded the company to provide expert managed support services to small to medium sized companies, looking to create a technology infrastructure.

Managed a team of 6 employees in our NYC office

Provided support and offered Managed IT services for the infrastructure, desktop environments of small to medium companies in the midtown Manhattan and surrounding areas.

Provided a IT business analysis of a clients environment, and tailored a solution to the clients individual needs.

Kept track of company Budget and Finances

I was the key partner in seeking and securing new business contracts.

Supported Windows and Mac OS x environments, and provided support for custom databases that we created for smaller offices for HR management and Asset tracking



Senior Technical Analyst, E-discovery, Desktop Engineer.   March 08 – June 2010

JPMorgan Chase Co, New York, New York

Responsible for the archiving and retrieval of data across the entire company. 

Worked with various departments within the organization to ensure the safe disposal of computer equipment and to ensure that we are able to collect any data that is contained within is collected with our Digital Safe.

Worked closely with the Legal and compliance departments to capture data and provide remote surveillance of employee computers, smartphones and network attached storage. 

Lead E-Discovery investigator on the Bear Stearns project, to collect data, and create evidence log files on former Bear Stearns executive staff, to defend the company in case of litigation.

Provided technical support Legal Services and Operation Risk Management and compliance teams for email, instant messaging and/or file restores in support of regulator litigation matters.

Responsible for weekly reporting on team progress on the surveillance and data collection for active high profile litigation.

Managed E-Discovery Laboratory of 4 technicians.

Create and document processes and procedures for the lab. 

Interface with senior executives within the company during recovery requests. Discuss requirements, collect recovery documents, execute searches, provide status, escalate issues, and deliver final product to the requesting party.



Senior Desktop Lead			                  March 2008 – October 2008

JPMorgan Chase – Bear Stearns Transition, New York, New York



Senior desktop technician. Lead a team of 5 desktop support technicians, providing support to 400+ users in the Asset Management department of formerly Bear Stearns that included developers, senior executives, traders, and analysts.

Create documentation for Bear Stearns developed custom applications, and share the support documentation with J.P. Morgan Chase personnel

Responsible for transitioning Bear PC and Laptop images to JP Morgan builds.

Create detailed equipment and software inventories.

Support the Wealth Management trading floor. 

Assist users with Transition to JP Morgan Chase Application and systems

Backup user information.

PGP administration – installed/configured/maintained PGP encryption on laptops for remote use

Create VMware Virtual Machines that contained an image of the users original Bear Stearns PC, that allowed the user to access his old applications and data needed, until all information and systems could be completely migrated.

Document the process for accessing VM, VPN and Citrix. Trained offshore staff in their usage as well.

		

Desktop/Application Support Lead  			January 2006 – March 08

Bear Stearns, New York, New York

Provided support for the Longview and Tethys trading systems used by the asset wealth management department.

Manage team of technicians providing support to four NYC locations

Periodically supported multiple project deployments involving OS/Software upgrades, lan/wan upgrades, Citrix and VMs

Supported the deployment and the monitoring of the Longview and Tethys trading applications.

Worked in an intense trading environment that required quick decision making, fast problem escalation, quick resolution of issues.

Provided supplemental support to technical support staff in remote locations via RDP

Responsible for the creation of new employee accounts and entitlements in Active Directory.

Provided One to one support for High profile executives within the company.





Senior Desktop Support Analyst,                               	        November 2000 – February 2006

Bear Stearns, New York, New York



		Provided Specialized Desktop support to users in the Investment Banking Department

		 Maintained custom database system for Investment research center

		Maintained Active Directory

		Set up conference rooms and training sessions for audio and video conferencing with in-house, domestic and international communications using PolyCom and VoIP systems.

		Provided configuration and troubleshooting for PCs with Remote Access through Dial-up, CompuServe PAL and VPN through DSL/Cable/Wireless setups.

		Configure remote access

	Worked on multiple high level projects in the company

	

IT Procurement Specialist                               	        November 1995 – November 2000

Bear Stearns, New York, New York

			

		Researched, recommended, and created purchase orders for all Technology products for Bear Stearns globally.

		Worked closely with the R&D department in evaluating new products for recommendation within the organization.

		Responsible for auditing of company assets, and tagging all equipment

		Develop reporting tools and structures for upper management and financial accounting review. 

		Initiated and developed the process responsible for timelier turnaround in regards to procurement inquiries and asset management. 

	Volt Services        Sept 94 – Nov 95

	Support specialist                         

			Assist development team in writing of financial software

			Provide technical support to PCs and Mac systems

			Assist in design of corporate Intranets for various companies

 

	Viacom Inc         Aug. 93 -- Oct. 95             .

	Desktop support Technician

			Troubleshoot and repaired PC hardware and printers.

			Managed an office of 5 technicians.

			Maintained inventory of PC equipment.

			

EDUCATION and Certifications



Electrical Engineering, Bachelor of Science                                         		1993

New York Institute of Technology, New York, New York	

Six Sigma Lean Yellowbelt							2012

ITIL V3 Foundation Certification						2013

		MCSE                                                                                                              2000, 2012, 2014

		CISSP                                                                                                                      In Progress



ACTIVITIES & AWARDS

Bear Stearns Employee Bravo Award 2006

Citigroup Employee RAVE Award 2011

Medidata Encore Aware 2016 for outstanding service

Medidata Encore Aware 2015\n
Pratik Sawant
(M:315-744-6955) | (E: sawantpratik30@gmail.com) | (L: linkedin.com/in/pratik-sawant39521b64)

SUMMARY
A detail-oriented Business Analyst with 2 years of proven experience in analytics and reporting. Strong skills in time management,
team leadership, cross- functional collaborations, documentation and critical thinking seeking a career in Business Analytics
EDUCATION
Masters in Information Management & CAS in Data Science Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY [GPA 3.90]

July 2014- May 2016

Courses: Enterprise Risk Management, Information Systems Analysis, Project Management, Lean Six Sigma, Business Analytics

Bachelor of Information Technology, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India

[GPA 3.50]

June 2008- May 2012

Courses: Financial Accounting & Management, Database Management Systems, Information Technology for Management of Enterprise

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Process Improvement Analyst Intern, City of Syracuse, Syracuse, New York





Jan 2016- May 2016

Captured voice of customers (VOC) by interacting with stakeholders to identify scope and gather requirements for project initiation
Translated VOC into Critical to Quality Customer(CTQC) requirements to identify process improvement areas and non-value added steps
Conducted gap analysis to compare performance of current system with future system for optimum distribution of resources
Identified the bottleneck with pareto charts and removed them which accounted for reduction of total processing time by 45%

Business Analyst, 4Beauty Aesthetics, Miami, Florida

Jun 2015- Jan 2016

 Elicited functional and non-functional requirements from business stakeholders to optimize design of BI reports and deliverables
 Designed and built a reporting framework in Tableau to visualize sales KPIs on a weekly basis for making smarter business decisions
 Created geographical segmentation of customers for marketing team to increase customer acquisition and improve retention by 8%

Business Analyst, Matoshree Bakery, Mumbai, India

May 2013-May 2014

 Prepared operational and statistical reports using excel pivot tables to assist the project manager in effective decision making process
 Performed root cause analysis on the existing systems and designed data and process flow models to integrate business operations
 Analysed customer behaviour based on website usage using google analytics to advocate changes in the business pricing model

Analyst, Matoshree Bakery, Mumbai, India

Jul 2012-April 2013

 Generated SQL queries to analyse the various customer segments, based on buying patterns and enhance the inventory control system
 Investigated, monitored finance data and created dashboards using excel to ensure that the project stays within the annual budget plan
 Streamlined the business processes using UML flow diagrams to organize the work flow and increase the efficiency by 10%

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Risk Analyst, St. Joseph’s Hospital Health Centre

Sep 2015- Dec 2015

 Assessed the risk culture, organizational structure, existing risk infrastructure and business process to identify the top 5 risks and threats
 Identified crucial business process via Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA) to eliminate the risk exposure to potential disasters
 Prioritized & plotted risks on the risk map, planned for contingency and mitigation of risks and reduced the business risk exposure

Project Manager, Syracuse University

Jan 2015- May 2015

 Translated business needs into technical terms, prepared WBS and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestone
 Articulated project goals and scope, created a project charter and a project schedule using MS Project to better assign resources
 Assessed business implications for each project phase and monitored progress to meet deadlines, standards and cost targets

Business Data Analyst, Recruiting Strategy Development System

Jan 2015- May 2015

 Monitored and segmented student GMAT scores to devise recruiting strategy for school of management within budget of $100,000
 Analyzed the historical data using analysis toolpak in Microsoft excel to optimize time and resources used by the recruiting team units
 Formulated internet marketing strategy using google analytics to reduce cost by 14.57% and improved overall productivity by 12%

Business Analyst, Pharma Care Ltd





Sep 2014-Dec 2014

Served as a liaison between clients to assemble and document client specific requirements, workflow data and reporting specifications
Engineered processes using swim-lane diagrams and organized work-flow practices to translate business specifications into deliverables
Implemented feasibility study to forecast the operational, economic, technical, and legal feasibility of the proposed system
Conducted cost benefit breakdown and SWOT analysis to identify and prioritize risks using risk register and probability impact matrix

SKILLS
 Data Visualization: Tableau, Power BI, Watson Analytics Tools: MS Visio, R-Studio, ForeUI, MS Project, MS PowerPoint, MS Word
 Database: MS SQL, MS Access, MySQL; Data Analytics: MS Excel, Google Analytics, SSIS; Statistical Analysis: SPSS, Minitab, R

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Lecturer, Pune Vidyarthi Griha’s College of Science and Technology, Mumbai, India

July 2012- May 2014

 Mentored and provided individualized instruction to students for goal development, critical thinking and time management

Public Relations Team, Nanhi Kali, Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY

Aug 2014- May 2016

 Planned the publicity of fund raising events and collected over $1000 to help educate underprivileged girls in India

\n
Laveena B Dulani 

3426 Tulane Drive, Apartment 21, Hyattsville, Maryland 20783 

Contact: +1 240 825 7061 

Email: laveena.dulani94@gmail.com 

Education 

University of Maryland, MS 							                              Expected May 2018

Master of Science in Telecommunications Engineering					                                      GPA 3.2

Major: Computer Networking 

Courses: 

		Technical Core Courses: 

		Networks and Protocols 1.

		Introduction to Digital Communication Systems.

		Networks and Protocols 2.

		Introduction to Cellular Communication Networks.

		Business Courses: 

		Decision Support Methods for Telecom Managers.

		The Economics of International Telecommunications Policy and Regulation.

University of Mumbai, BE								            Graduated, July 2016

Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Telecommunication 					                      GPA 3.3

Technical Skills

Operating Systems:       Windows 8, Windows 10, Raspbian.  

Languages:                      C, Java, Embedded C, Python.

Software:                         Eclipse IDE, MATLAB, SCILAB, NetSim, PuTTY, SSH, Arduino IDE, IE3D Zealand, VNC, 

                                        Wireshark, Keil uVision, Microwind, PSpice, Xilinx, MS-Office

Computer Networks: 	    OSI model, TCP/IP Protocol, UDP, DHCP, DNS, HTTP, Socket Programming, Ipv4, Ipv6.

Certifications:                Currently Pursuing: CCNA, RHCSA.

Project Experience

Reliable Data Communication Between Two Hosts Using User Datagram Protocol (UDP).      November 2016

Developed a Client-Server based application that continuously exchanges UDP data packets. 

Integrity of data is ensured by a user defined algorithm. 

Different Response codes are generated by the server depending upon the request message received.

Data Packets are exchanged through the Java UDP sockets.

Remote Patient Health Monitoring System Using Raspberry Pi.			          July 2015 - April 2016

Recognized and appreciated in a national newspaper DNA, India dated 09/24/2016.

Designed a Multi Parametric Health Monitoring System intended for bed ridden patients.

Data Acquisition System obtains the health parameters like temperature, pulse rate. 

Health parameters are wirelessly transmitted from patients’ terminal to the Doctors’ terminal using the Internet of Things concept.

Patient side terminal can be remotely controlled from the Doctors end as needed.

Effect of different dielectric substrates on the performance parameters of a

microstrip patch antenna.								    January 2015 - April 2015

Researched on the different techniques used to fabricate an antenna.

Obtain the dimensions, calculate, design, troubleshoot, optimize the antenna design on IE3D Zealand.

Designed and optimized designs for 4 different substrates like FR4, Bakelite, RT Duroid, RO4003 for a resonant frequency of 2.4GHz ISM band based applications.

Studied and formulated a comparative study of antenna parameters like radiation pattern, s-parameters, radiation efficiency of the design, bandwidth, return loss, gain of the antenna, dependency of the gain on the frequency and evaluate usability of the design in practical applications.

Alcohol Detector using 8051 Microcontroller				              July 2014 – October 2014

Aimed at developing a prototype for law enforcement, to prevent accidents by drivers under the influence of alcohol.

Developed a breath analyzer circuit and code to obtain and process gas sensor values for different gaseous exposures.  

Configured peripherals to the processor, evaluate the code, obtained results on display devices, troubleshoot in case of ambiguous results.

Prepared a comprehensive report explaining the observations and applications the antennas are best suited for.

Achievements and Involvements

Participant, Technical Paper Presentation organized by Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers (IETE). 											 October 2015

Project with CII TechConnect with Emerson India            					      April 2015

Activities 

Member, IEEE VESIT, ISTE VESIT 			   				             July 2013- May 2016

Participant, Robotics Workshop at Praxis VESIT				                      	                   July 2013

Student Council											     2013-2016

In charge, Winner, runner up, best sportsperson, team leader and participant of many sports, cultural events.

Head of Word Wars team comprising of 12 people. Organized, coordinated, managed events over a period of two years.\n
Robert Joseph Brown

1447 Henley Place
Crofton, MD 21114
Mobile: 443-510-4682
Email: rbrown_71@yahoo.com

Citizenship:	United States

Experience:	U.S. Census Bureau		Sep 2008 - April 2017
4600 Silver Hill Rd			Hours per week: 40
Suitland, MD 20746

	IT Specialist

	Supervisor: 	Phil Kanzleiter (301-763-6552)
		John Studds (301-763-1576)

	Lead independent quality assurance specialist for the Application Development and Services Division (ADSD), Enterprise Internet Solutions (EIS), Centurion Internet Data Collection (IDC) System. Centurion handles the web data collections needs of many surveys in the Economic and Demographic Directorates, and for various external federal agencies. I work extremely close with our web developers and our sponsors for each survey throughout the testing phase of their survey's web instrument to ensure their satisfaction and compliance with specifications. I design, develop, implement, and maintain functional and regression tests to exercise and verify features and functionality of the web instruments, and perform quality assurance including compliance with Section 508, Search Engine Optimization; requirements for JavaScript, Cross Site Scripting vulnerability, Paradata; compatibility with browsers including Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome; database table scan issues; and generation of fillable PDFs with the respondent’s data. I coordinate and communicate internally with our web developers in the instrument development phase, and externally with our sponsors in their testing phase, and guide the tracking of defects, errors, enhancements, upgrades, and change requests in our SharePoint trackers. I am the team’s fillable PDF expert. I provide QA for the compatibility, features, functionality, and population of data for fillable PDF files that the sponsor delivers as part of their instrument. I developed documentation which is integral for our sponsors in the successful creation of these fillable PDFs.

Education:	University of Virginia
Charlottesville, VA
Degree: BA Jan 1977
Major: Mathematics\n
Zachary Goldman
4313 Knox Rd Apt 612  College Park, MD 20740
(860) 368-1660  zgoldman@terpmail.umd.edu
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
College of Behavioral and Social Sciences, Bachelor of Arts
Economics Major
Cumulative GPA: 3.32

Expected May 2017

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Facilities, Operations and Events, College Park, MD
October 2013 – Present
Operations Supervisor
• Execute new tactics to increase efficiency
• Lead groups of 3 to 6 people to prepare athletic facilities for events
• Divide coworkers amongst different tasks and periodically check on their progress
• Greet customers as they enter athletic facilities and handle complaints
Aflac, Silver Spring, MD
June 2015 – August 2015
Insurance Agent Intern
• Pursued prospective clients by connecting with key executives and HR personnel
• Prepared notes during potential client meetings
• Recruited employees with qualified marketing/business backgrounds
• Earned Maryland Accident and Health Insurance License
Fund for the Public Interest, Hartford, CT
Canvasser
• Raised an average of $550 dollars a week from donations
• Presented campaign to an average of 30 households per day
• Shadowed by new employees

June 2014 – August 2014

LEADERSHIP TRAINING
Phi Sigma Kappa Fraternity, College Park, MD
January 2015 – May 2015
Vice President
• Ensured that 22 committee chairmen were working towards goals I set forth
• Worked weekly with fellow executive board members to improve our organization
• Implemented a new system to provide networking opportunities
Phi Sigma Kappa Fraternity, College Park, MD
September 2014 – December 2014
Philanthropy/Community Service Chair
• Planned an event with over 100 attendees, which raised over $6000
• Contacted local business owners to receive donations for the event
• Organized multiple trips of more than 20 students to volunteer at Special Olympics events
Shonk Undergraduate Leadership School, Indianapolis, IN
August 2014
• Selected to represent the UMD Phi Sigma Kappa Chapter to attend the national Phi Sigma Kappa
leadership school
• Attended lectures, workshops and networking sessions on ways to improve recruitment, organization and
budget
• Implemented new methods of recruitment and organization to improve the chapter during the 2014-2015
Academic Year
Impact North-American Interfraternity Conference, Chevy Chase, MD
October 2014
• Selected to serve as an ambassador to represent the UMD Phi Sigma Kappa Chapter
• Completed group sessions with other members of the UMD Greek Community to develop our teamwork
and leadership abilities

\n
KLARENCE SIMPSON
4301 Brinkley rd ♦ Temple Hills, MD 20748
301-281-7019 ♦ klarence.simpson@gmail.com

EDUCATION
University of Maryland
Robert H. Smith School of Business
Bachelor of Science, [Operations Management & Marketing]

Major GPA: 3.26
Cumulative GPA: 3.52
May 2018

[Relevant Coursework]

Business Statistics, Business Info Systems

WORK EXPERIENCE
Blueline Security Company
Security Officer

Monitored affiliated businesses during hours of operation.

Maintained safe environments by foot and car patrols of clientele.

Wrote detailed logbook accounts about my observations and patrol.
Eppley Recreational Center
Weight/Fitness Staff

Ensured a safe and sanitary area for patrons to workout in.

Demonstrated how to properly execute exercises and machine workouts.

Fielded questions from patrons and directed them to different areas within the facility.

Landover, MD
July 2014 - Present

College Park, MD
August 2015 - Present

Maryland Sports Marketing
College Park, MD
Intern
August 2015 - Present

Interacted with students and visitors for game-day assistance.

Promotion of giveaways and special events for Maryland sports.

Conducting in office hours such as researching, data basing, and planning of game-day promotions.

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Black Student Union
College Park, MD
Speaker of the House
May 2015 - Present

Oversaw the election of and day-to-day operations of Freshman Council.

Assisted with the development of Freshman Council as leaders and fundamental parts of an executive board.

Developed programs and events for the social interaction of college freshman
I Can Do That
College Park, MD
Mentor
September 2015- Present

Tutored at-risk students from local high schools in a math lesson set for the day.

Encouraged the students to pursue higher education and to daily better themselves.

Assisted students with setting personal goals and how to achieve them.
District Office of Congresswoman Donna Edwards
Suitland, MD
Intern
July 2014 – August 2014

Fielded questions for constituents via telephone and transfer to appropriate caseworker.

Updated and maintained constituent database.

Scanned IQ systems for cases and documents.
Alpha Phi Alpha
University of Maryland, College Park
Iota Zeta
Spring 2016

Neophyte

\n
Ramon Silva
(510)542-0174
Fremont CA 94536
rsilvamadriz@yahoo.com














SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

A java software engineer with extensive experience building web applications with Oracle databases.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Programming: Java, PL/SQL , J2EE, jQuery, JavaScript


Databases: Oracle 



Development IDEs: Eclipse, Android Studio



Operating Systems: Unix/Linux, Windows, Mac

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Leapfrog 2013 – present



Android Developer



Designed a digital rights management (DRM) service and client software for Leapfrogs new Epic android tablet. This software allowed the company to keep track of its app licensing thru its own systems separate from Google Store. 



Java Developer



Maintained and enhanced java backend business system for Leapfrog. The system  was developed with Apache Spring modules and deployed to Tomcat servers.



Maintained  and enhanced support apps used to do data entry and reporting. These apps were build using Spring MVC, JSP and Wicket frameworks.



Oracle Developer



Implemented a “just in time” aggregation of play data. When parents log into Leapfrog’s parent website they can view their children’s playing achievements. The data viewed is created at that moment from primary sources to save storage space.



Maintained and added to the backend Oracle database new tables, procedures and triggers as needed for new features and bug fixes.





Novartis 2007 – 2013





Oracle Developer



Designed a registration system for Assays performed by the scientists. Allowed for data aggregation for experiments made under similar conditions.



Maintained  a  Biological DataWareHouse as needed, implementing a number of enhancements. The work consisted mainly of parsing  data from the source databases into the warehouse. Using Oracle stored procedures written in PL/SQL to transform the data.



Designed an Assay data loader system that allowed scientists to enter data for new assays. These would then be automatically entered into a data warehouse thru a chronjob thru PL/SQL stored procedure.



Java Middle Tier Developer



Built Middle Tier Restful web services in Java using Spring, Apache CXF, Tomcat. This project allowed users to view pairs of similar chemical structures side by side and compare their results from different experiments.






Berlex Laboratories, Richmond CA 1996-2007, Senior Programmer Analyst



Built several client Server applications using Powerbuilder and using Oracle as the backend

Built several utilities in C++ supporting the bioinformatics effort, including an indexing program that allowed users to quickly retrieve  data for a particular gene from a flat file repository.

Wrote a web application using IBMs Websphere server. This j2ee application was used to keep track of the quantity of radioactive materials on-site.





EDUCATION

PH.D in Electrical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley
Maitrise de Mathematique, University of Paris 6, Paris, France
BS in Electrical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley\n
WAYNE SHEU

Email: waynejava@gmail.com



SUMMARY: Solid software architect/design/development experience in the federal projects (VA and IRS), and in the industries of banking, health insurance, airlines/travel services, retail/POS, e-Commerce, consulting, telecom services, networking equipment. Involved in all phases of software development life cycles with the following technologies:



Web Services & SOA: SOAP (JAX-WS), RESTful (JAX-RS), Jersey 2.x, Apache CXF, WSDL, WADL, WS-Security, XML, JAXB, Web Service Security over SSL/TLS

Spring/Hibernate Framework: IoC, AOP, DAO (JDBC, ORM-Hibernate/JPA), MVC，Web-Struts

Java SE, Java EE, server-side technologies (Servlets, JDBC, EJB: JMS/Message-Driven Bean, Session/Entity Bean)

Internet presentation-tier technologies: HTML, JSP, Struts, Ajax/JSON, JavaScript, JQuery, JSTL, CSS

Java open source development tools: Maven, Ant, Log4j, JUnit, mocking framework (EasyMock/Mockito), SoapUI

RDBMS and tools: Oracle, MS SQL Server, TOAD, PL/SQL Developer, SQL Developer

Application/Web Servers: WebLogic Server, GlassFish Server, JBoss Application Server, IBM WebSphere, Tomcat

Continuous Build Management/Integration and Scrum: Jenkins, Hudson, TeamCity, Rational Team Concert (RTC)

SCM-Software Configuration Management: Git, SVN, ClearCase, CVS, Artifactory, Sonatype Nexus, SourceSafe

IDEs: Eclipse, IBM RAD, JBoss Dev Studio, MyEclipse 

Message Oriented Middleware: IBM MQ Workflow, TIBCO RV

UML, Design Patterns and best practices to design complex systems

Portal/Portlet prototype development under LifeRay and JBoss

COTS product: CoSign (DocuSign), IBM Business Rules Management System ILOG JRules Rule Builder

Development experience of multiple layers including backend business, data access, integration, and web Layers.



Have good communications and teamwork skills. Possess the experience with the roles as senior developer, technical lead, and architect in mentoring/assisting team members, writing software design documents, supporting QA/user communities, evaluating and adapting new technologies.



EDUCATION: 		The University of Texas, Arlington, Texas	MS, Computer Science Engineering



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:



	Dept. of Veteran Affairs, Plano, TX (remote)	 	10/2015 – present

Senior Java Consultant

Develop various features of Authorization Management System (AMS), ESig, and Provisioning service (Prov) to provide VA Access Services (AcS) of Identity Access Management (IAM) under web services based SOA. 

Design and implement the infrastructure of Authorization Management System (AMS) and ESig for team’s development environment: Maven based source code structure with multiple modules/subprojects supporting RESTful and SOAP web services, JMS, and common libraries. Integrate Maven projects with Eclipse IDE and Git. Implement Jenkins projects for continuous integration. Implement/configure Jersey 2.x shared library for JAX-RS 2.0 support on WebLogic 12.1.3.

Implement/enable/configure Bean Validation support (Hibernate Validation) in Jersey 2.x to validate RESTful web services request entity. Leverage Jersey JAXB based JSON support to consume/produce JSON request/response. Design and implement the best practice with HTTP status code/error code/error message for REST error handling.

Refactor all modules/subprojects of Jersey RESTful web services to support Spring framework to externalize configuration in different environments. Leverage Hibernate JPA for ORM on Oracle DB.

Leverage iText library to manipulate PDF form and integrate CoSign digital signature via SOAP web service. Support the various activities during QA/SQA/production.



	Wunderman, Richardson, TX	 	02/2014 – 10/2015

Senior Java Consultant / Open System Architect

As part of product team, designed web services-based SOA solutions to support client’s digital marketing activities under the transactional process and large data manipulations.

Designed and implemented web services (SOAP and REST) leveraging Java, JAX-WS/JAX-RS APIs, Spring Framework (DAO/JDBC, IoC, AOP), XML, WSDL/WADL, SQL, JMS, Eclipse IDE, PL/SQL Developer, Oracle, GlassFish Servers.

Integrated SoapUI, JUnit, and Ant (Maven) with Jenkins for continuous integration. Installed and configured the GlassFish Servers and deploy/publish web services for multiple clients.

Mentored developers in development guidelines and best practice. Supported issues from QA/production/customers.

	

	Bank of America, Addison, TX	 	09/2012 – 01/2014

Senior Java Consultant

Worked on Identity & Access Management technologies including Single-Sign-On, Digital Certificates, PKI, LDAP, Java, Web Services, SOAP/XML, Spring, Hibernate, Oracle under WebLogic, Linux/Unix, ClearCase environment.

As a primary developer, migrated/re-factored the web services for Unified User Management from WebLogic 8.x (JAX-RPC, JSR-181) to 10.x / 12c (JAX-WS, JSR-224) using meta data annotation JAX-WS. Utilized the SoapUI, TCP/IP Monitor, JUnit for E2E testing and troubleshoot the issues with SIT team.

Implemented the Ant build script using Oracle WebLogic’s jwsc, clientgen, javac Ant tasks to build Unified User Management’s web services for deployment in WebLogic 10.x/12c container.

	IRS, Dallas, TX	 	04/2012 – 9/2012

Senior IT Specialist - Consultant

Designed and implemented Messages Gateway of Tax Processing System to orchestrate the web service-based bulk requests as the producer and consumer to interface with ESB broker under SOA.

Utilized JAX-WS, SOAP, XML, WSDL, Spring, Hibernate, Java, SQL, SoapUI, Ant, JUnit, Log4j, Rational Tools for development under JBoss Application Server.

Enhanced the messages gateway with WS-Security standards to secure web services beyond Transport Level Security (TLS). Used JBossWS CXF in the implementation for proof of concepts to encrypt and sign SOAP messages using X.509 digital certificate. Configured the Keystore and Truststore to enable mutual authentication.

	

	Blue Cross/Blue Shield, Richardson, TX	 	08/2011 – 02/2012

Senior Java Consultant

Designed/developed/maintained ESales Tools for small group renewals to automate yearly renewal during the sale cycle consolidation and workflow process.

Designed/developed the new features using Java/J2EE, Spring framework, Hibernate, IBM WebSphere Application Server/MQ Workflow, IBM RAD, MS SQL Server/SQL, CVS, Unix/Linux under the SOA architecture. Developed and consumed web services to interface with medical score/rating systems.

Designed and implemented application components using Java, Spring DAO (JDBC, Hibernate), Web Services/SOAP, XML, SOAP UI, JMS, Struts, JSP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, JUnit testing framework. Apply the OOA/OOD, design patterns in the practice of design and implementation.

	

	Sabre Holdings – Airline Solution, Southlake, TX		05/2011 – 07/2011

Senior Java Consultant 

Worked on Sabre Sonic Web e-commerce solution to provide the airline customers with the configurable, scalable, and flexible internet booking engine. 

As a member of backend server development, designed and implemented the server tier service APIs using the technologies of Java, J2EE, Spring DAO - Hibernate, Web Services/SOAP/XML, Oracle, Tomcat, Maven, Subversion, JUnit/Mockito /TDD, SQL Developer, Agile, Cruise Control, Hudson Continuous Integration.

	

	Dept. of VA – Veteran Health Admin, Plano, TX (remote site)		05/2009 – 03/2011

Technical Professional Consultant of System Made Simple

Worked on VHA ESR (Enrollment System Redesign) web based system in baselines 3.0 and VFA (Veteran Financial Assessment). ESR serves to manage eligibility and enrollment decisions in a workflow fashion under Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) framework, which communicates with other VHA systems with async-/sync- messaging protocols in HL7 messages.

As a technical team lead, designed and developed the new features. Maintained existing ESR software modules by resolving issues and defects identified in SQA/UAT/Production phases. Applied technologies of Java, J2EE (EJB-MDB, Servlets, JSP), JMS, Spring ORM - Hibernate, Spring Web - Struts, IBM ILOG Business Rule Management Systems (BRMS) - JRules, Web Services/SOAP, Oracle, SQL, XML, HTML, Ajax, CSS, JavaScript, Rational Tools, BEA WebLogic 8/10, Unix/Linux, Eclipse IDE, Log4j, JUnit, OOA/D in development. Used the XSLT to process and transform HL7 messages to/from XML/Java objects.

Sanitized the VOA (Veteran Online Application) to be a stable environment for continued development effort with very limited resources and fragmented documentations under WebLogic 10.3 and Oracle 10g environment. Reconstructed the local development environment in Oracle Workshop 10.3 from the scratch, sanitized the code base to a state of error-free in compilation, brought up the VOA application. 

	Verizon Business (formerly MCI), Richardson, Texas 		03/2007 – 02/2009

Senior J2EE/Java Consultant

Analyzed, architected, designed, implemented, tested and maintained Network Engineering Projects Installation and Test Systems (IPREMS) using Java/J2EE (EJBs-Session Bean, CMP Entity Bean, JMS/Message-Driven Bean, Servlet, JSP, Struts, JSTL), Hibernate, Spring, JDBC, SQL, Web Services/SOAP, XML, HTML, Ajax/JSON, JavaScript, CSS, WebLogic AppServer, JBoss, Tomcat, Oracle 9i/10g, PL/SQL Developer, MyEclipse, XDoclet, Log4j, JUnit, Ant, PVCS/CVS, Unix/Linux. Applied OO best practices, MVC, J2EE design patterns, UML in development process.

Prototyped Portal/Portlet (JSR 168) application along with AJAX and JASON in JBoss and LifeRay Portals. Re-architected and migrated legacy JSP/Servlet web-based application to Portal which aggregated the contents from various applications across the company, provided personalization to users and Single Sign-On (SSO).

Evaluated Ajax and Provided technical presentations to all members inside department.



	Southwest Airlines, Dallas, Texas		04/2006 - 02/2007 

Senior J2EE/Java Consultant

Developed Flight Management features of Customer Experience Business Services with technologies of SOA, Java, J2EE, Web Services, WSAD, Websphere AppServer, Oracle, JUnit, Ant, and Log4j. Applied J2EE design patterns in OOA/D, document detailed design using UML. 

Designed/implemented business components using JMS/Message-Driven Bean, Hibernate, XML/Web Services, and JDBC/SQL. Also responsible for implementing presentation tier using Servlets, JSP, Struts, JSTL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript. 

Involved in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle including analysis, design, coding/code reviews, testing and support.



	BlueCross BlueShield of Texas, Richardson, Texas 		10/2005 - 01/2006

Senior J2EE/Java Consultant

Designed and developed E-Sales Tools for small group’s medical insurance in quoting and enrollment with technologies of Java, J2EE, Eclipse/WSAD, Websphere AppServer, MS SQL Server, IBM MQ, CVS.

Implemented the presentation and business components using J2EE (EJBs, Servlets, JSP), Struts, JSTL, XML, Web Services/SOAP/WSDL, JDBC/SQL, Ant, Log4j, JUnit, HTML, JavaScript.

Applied J2EE design pattern for best practice. Leveraged UML for OO design and modeling.

	

FedEx Kinko’s, Dallas, Texas 								04/2005 - 08/2005

Senior J2EE/Java Consultant

Worked on the FedEx Kinko’s FPFK J2EE web based e-Commerce application enabling the customers to print documents online and choose the delivery via FedEx under Solaris Unix/Window platforms and CVS. 

Primarily developed the business-tier components using J2EE technology including EJBs (Session Bean, CMP Entity Bean, and JMS/Message-Driven Bean), JDBC/SQL, JNDI, XML, Oracle, Ant, Log4j, JUnit, UML, Rational Rose, and Eclipse IDEs.

Implemented the presentation-tier components and pages utilizing J2EE (Servlets, JSP, JSTL Taglibs), Struts, XML, CSS, HTML, JavaScript.

		

		ATT Mobility (formerly Cingular Wireless), Richardson, Texas 		06/2003 - 04/2005

Enterprise Application Consultant

As a technical lead, architected and designed B2B e-Commerce Wireless Lines Activation System, B2C POS, and Application Catalog using MVC architecture, J2EE technologies (Servlets, JSP, and EJBs), Oracle 8i & 9i, BEA WebLogic Server 7 & 8, CVS SCM under Solaris Unix and Window platforms. Interfaced with business and market group, QA team and production support in the SDLC.

Implemented business-tier and presentation-tier using EJBs (Session Bean, Entity Bean, and JMS/Message Driven Bean), Servlets, Struts, JSP/Taglibs, JavaBeans, JDBC/SQL, JNDI, XML, XSL/XSLT, JAXP, DOM, CSS, HTML, JavaScript.

Integrated the Application Catalog with TIBCO Messaging Oriented Middleware (MOM) Rendezvous to publish messages from J2EE environment. Applied the Web Service technology to expose EJBs as web services. Installed and configured WLS Cluster, iPlanet with load balancing, Apache HTTP Server and WebLogic Server Plug-Ins.

Applied UML and Java/J2EE Design Patterns/best practices for the OO design and implementations. Leveraged Ant for build/configuration/deployment, JUnit for developer unit testing, and Log4j for dynamic logging mechanism. Performed code reviews, wrote technical design documents, mentored and assisted team members on J2EE development practices. 

WAYNE SHEU 									Page | 1\n
Jay Sheth
An organized, detail-oriented and conscientious self-starter, able to strategize and prioritize eﬀectively to
accomplish multiple tasks and stay calm under pressure.


jaysheth@umd.edu


(240)-713-0717

Education
08/2015 - Present

GPA: 3.73

Master of Information Management
University of Maryland, College Park



Specialization: Data Analytics

Expected Graduation: May 2017

3419 Tulane Drive #21
Hyattsville MD 20783

Business Process Modeling

Big Data


www.linkedin.com/in/jay-sheth

Skills &
Competences
Data Analysis (R, IBM SPSS, SAS,
Stata)

Data Visualization (Tableau, D3)

Database Management (Oracle,
MySQL, MS Access)

08/2010 - 06/2014

Bachelor of Engineering - Information Technology
University of Mumbai
Data Mining and Business Inteliigence

Database Technologies

Work Experience
06/2016 - Present

New York, NY

Data Analyst Intern
Achievement First
Collected and processed assessment data received in raw form to fuel the team’s summer analysis and
reporting projects.
Queried the data warehouse to pull data to conduct ad-hoc analysis for various stakeholders from executive
level to school based staﬀ.
Produced interactive dashboards for monthly key performance indicators (KPI) reports summarizing
performance across organization's 32 schools.

Financial Analysis (MS Excel)

Scripting Languages (Python,
PHP, JavaScript)

Web Technologies (HTML, CSS)

Web Content Management
(Drupal, Wordpress)

Programming Languages (Java,
C++)

Built a comprehensive knowledge management portal with up-to-date resources on using Achievement First
reports and systems.
09/2014 - 05/2015

Mumbai, India

Software Engineering Associate
Accenture
Member of a diverse project team and participated in overall design and creation of web-based and other
software applications.
Coordinated systems engineering and software development for the customer relationship management
activities of the client from conception to completion.
Worked in an Agile environment with a Scrum Team to perform requirements and implementation analysis,
design, development, testing, and enhancement of application software.
Prepared technical documentation and supported release reviews and other preparation brieﬁngs.

Projects
Other Tools (MS Oﬃce,
Sharepoint, MATLAB)

Predictive Modeling

Business Process Modeling

Data Analytics

Built a model using R that correctly predicted 11 of the top 16 teams of the 2016 NCAA Basketball Tournament
using machine learning techniques.

Statistical analysis on the College Scorecard Data by conducting tests such as regression to assist students in
selection of universities.
Requirements Gathering

Communication

Data Visualization
Designed and developed intuitive and interactive visualizations to gain insight into the automobile industry using
Tableau and D3.js library.

Database Management
Organizational Skills

Modeled the database design using E-R model for College DBMS and implemented it using MySQL and performed
various CRUD operations on it .

Leadership Roles:
Interests

Vice Chairperson, iTantra (Student Body of Department of IT, University of Mumbai)

Travelling | History | Sports

Headed a team of 50 to conceptualize, plan and execute of a number events such as conferences, workshops and
concerts.

\n
Kanishka Macherla
Phone: +1(240)714-1581

email: kanishkamacherla@gmail.com

Education
Master of Science in Telecommunications Engineering
University of Maryland, College Park

Expected May 2018

Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & Communications Engineering
National Institute of Technology(NIT) Surat, India

May 2016

Field of interest
• Computer Networks • Software Engineering • Wireless Communications • Satellite Communication

Technical Skills
Programming Languages: C, C++, Java, Python, HTML
Networking Protocols: TCP/IP, IPv4, IPv6, UDP, HTTP, RIP, ARP, OSPF, BGP, IGRP, EIGRP, DNS, LAN, VPN.
Engineering Tools: MATLAB, Cisco Packet Tracer
Platforms: Windows, Linux
Wireless Technologies: LTE, GSM, CDMA, WCDMA, HSPA, OFDM, WIMAX.

Relevant Experience
Industrial Trainee

Summer 2014
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited(BSNL), Hyderabad, India
• Learnt about mobile communication services at BSNL with emphasis on practical aspects of GSM (BSC, BTS), UMTS
and CDMA technology and also got aware of the old and new telecommunication devices and methods used.
• Learned about the working of VSAT technology used in BSNL

Technical Projects
Design and Implementation of JAVA based distributed networking application for reliable data
transfer functionality over unreliable UDP transmission model.
Fall 2016
University of Maryland, College Park
• The client sends a request message with a measurement ID in XML format to the server and the server looks up
value from the data file and responds with appropriate response.
• The program implemented the techniques of integrity check, time-out and retransmission to ensure reliable data
transfer without errors.

Python application to simulate the effects of admission control on a single cell in a mobile
cellular network
Spring 2017
University of Maryland, College Park
• Created modules for estimating the channel behaviour by calculating shadowing effect, fading effect, pathloss, signal
to interference noise ratio (SINR).
• Maintained a track of the number of dropped calls, blocked calls, successfully completed calls and failed calls at each
second of the simulation that ran for 2 hours.
• The efficiency of the basestation was improved by implementing admission control (changing the power radiated
by the basestation in accordance with the channel demand) to reduce number of blocked calls.

Implementation of Frequency Tracker using MATLAB
Fall 2016
University of Maryland, College Park
• Designed a frequency tracker that detects any change in the frequency of the given signal.
• The frequency tracker accurately detected the exact time where the frequency of the signal changed and also the
new value of the frequency. This change was then represented in a frequency versus time plot.
Channel estimation in OFDM(Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing) system

Spring 2016
NIT Surat, India-Undergraduate project
• Worked on OFDM by performing simulations in MATLAB to measure the performance of OFDM system under different
channel conditions, and to allow for different OFDM channels to be tested.
• Evaluated performance of Block and Comb type Channel estimation for OFDM System under various modulation
techniques.

Leadership Skills
• Student Welfare Secretary NIT Surat
• Network Secretary NIT Surat

July 2014 - May 2015
July 2013 - May 2014

\n
2

Experience - cont'd

Sofi Aklilu
(Cell) 913-815-0596

			sofi.aklilu@gmail.com 	





Software Developer

TECHNICAL SKILLS



Languages: Java/J2EE, VB6.0, C#, C++

Environments: Eclipse, NetBeans

Scripting & Markup Languages: AngularJS, JQuery, JSP, JSF, Javascript, HTML, PHP, CSS, XML, AJAX, 

Version Control Systems: SVN, tortoise, Perforce, GIT GUI

Databases /Mapping Tools: SQL Developer, MS SQL Server 2005/ 2008, My SQL, MS Access

Systems /Platforms /App.  Servers: UNIX, Oracle VM, Windows NT/XP, Windows 2000/2003, Vista, Windows 7

Testing Frameworks: JUnit, NUnit, Slate

Web Application Server: Apache, Tomcat, Glassfish, Jboss, Weblogic

Methodologies / Modeling Languages: RUP, Waterfall, Agile, Visio, StarUML

EXPERIENCE

SITA- Atlanta, GA                                                                                                                                     Nov 12- Present

Java Developer

Working as a Java Developer on the WorldTracer which is an enterprise, multi-system application used for tracing, management and matching baggage for various airlines worldwide

Responsible for back end development of an enhancement to the application for reports on number of bags involved per airline in all the stations. 

Responsible for new development and enhancements to applications for airlines regarding mishandled property for baggage services based on customer request.

Interfaced with Business Analysts to transform and implement business rules into software processes.

Utilized Java/J2EE with Oracle on back-end.

Created reports module which tracks analytics regarding instances of missing or damaged property to determine commonalities within transactions.

Added list of valid elements to an internal admin page for different transactions using AngularJS. 

Implemented Test Driven Development (TDD) to fix bugs in applications

Environment: Java/J2EE, Oracle SQL, EJB, AngularJS, Junit, XML, Maven, Webservices, Weblogic, Jenkins, SVN, HPQC, Trillium, Peoplesoft

Ciba Vision- Johns Creek, GA                                                                                                                  Aug 12- Nov 12

Software Development Engineer

Worked on a report application for the X & Y coordinates of a contact lens

Prepared Test cases document for testing the application

Unit testing using NUnit

Implemented a code for a function of the ClearWave Reporter

Environment:  C#, Visual Studio 2012, MS Excel, GIT GUI, MathLab

DST Output	                                                                                                                                            Oct 11 – Aug 12

Software Developer

Worked on a web based system for providing electronic statements and billing output solutions to financial services, insurance, healthcare and utilities companies.

System implementation using with 3-layered architecture

Create database and insert information in to the field. 

Developed distributed application using XML, XSL, HTML for building the online statements.

Generating reports using java  

Converting afp files into pdf files.

Preparing functional specification document.

Environment:  XSLT, XML, HTML, CSS, UNIX, SQL, FTP, Java, Java script, Apache Tomcat, Web logic, ksh script, Perforce



Sprint Nextel                                                                                                                                               Apr 11- Oct 11

Software with Mobile Device Testing

Based on the design, upgrading different mobile software. 

Testing and maintaining XML and Java script codes for the navigation system. 

Testing the device against different software

Environment: XML, Java script, Slate, Oracle VM, Notepad++



Fanos Technologies                                                                                                                                    Aug 09- Sept 09

Software Developer

Gathered requirements directly from the client, analyzed functional and non-functional requirements and specified complete software designs 

Designed and Implemented UML diagrams (Class Diagrams, Use Case Diagrams and Sequence Diagrams) 

Hands on Unit testing for the business logic

Designed and Implemented UML diagrams

Design user interface (GUI) using design patterns

Perform unit testing and performance testing.

Environment: Java, JUnit, VISIO, Rational Rose, SQL 2005, Eclipse, Netbeans



EDUCATION:



Masters of Science in Computer Science (MSCS), May 2010 to May 2012, Maharishi University of Management, Fairfield, Iowa

Bachelors of Science in Computer Science (BSCS), August 2008 , HiLCoE School of Computer Science & Technology, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia



ACADEMIC EXPERIENCE:



		E-Bazaar & Tea ordering

		While I was taking the Distributed Computing course I had worked on E-Bazzar & Tea ordering. The E-Bazaar was an online system for buying items (book, clothes), Tea ordering was also an online system done for ordering tea bags by selecting from list of different types of teas. They were a small static projects but it helped me know more about JSP & JSF.

Technical Environment: JSP, JSF, Netbeans, Glassfish, Tomcat



CIRTIFICATES & TRAININGS:

World Tracer Management Training (2013)

World Tracer Web Management Training (2013)

UNIX (SAMS Teach Yourself UNIX 24 Hours, 3rd Edition) (2011) 


EDUCATION:

					Masters of Science in Computer Science (MSCS), May 2010 to May 2012, Maharishi University of Management, Fairfield, Iowa

			Bachelors of Science in Computer Science (BSCS), August 2008 , HiLCoE School of Computer Science & Technology, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia





REFERENCES:

	Will be submitted upon request.\n
Ameya R Chavan
8125 48th Ave Apt 107 ▪ College Park, MD 20740 ▪ 848.391.3498 ▪ ameya.chavan@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems, GPA: 3.78/4
Teaching Assistant for BMGT404: Essential Data Skills for Business Analytics
D. J. Sanghvi College of Engineering, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering, GPA: 7.25/10

December 2017

2016

TECHNICAL SKILLS




Languages: Java, XML, C, JavaScript, SQL, HTML, UML, Python, CSS
Tools: NetBeans, Eclipse, Rational Rose, Oracle SQL*Plus, MATLAB, Tableau, DecisionTools Suite
Operating systems: Windows, Linux, Mac OS

EXPERIENCE
Projects:
Automated Text Summarization of Documents
2016
 Reviewed problems in current summarization systems and co-led a team of three to develop a system using Python to
generate summary of passages; user’s reading time reduced to 50%; summarized text 25% more efficiently as compared
to MS Word.
 Scored sentences based on 10 different parameters including title relevance, sentence position and length; programmed
neural networks scored and improved sentences with 10% feedback and 85% accuracy.
Ranking Analysis of Universities
2016
 Collected ranking data from three independent ranking agencies; analyzed and evaluated data of 200+ universities.
 Collaborated with a team of three and devised system with Python for better data summarization and visualization; resultant
graph visualized ranking of university over 15 years. Presented results to over 20 people of computer department.
Record Management System
2013
 Assessed challenges with manual record management system in local gym and developed automated record management
system database to cater to 1000+ members. Manual efforts reduced by almost 80%.
 Led a team of four to digitize membership records of members and staff, automated maintenance, and scheduling; increased
efficiency and cut down manual work by 25%. Developed the system in Java.

VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
National Service Scheme
2013 - 2014
 Supervised medical camp with team of 15 comprising of 600 people based out of Mumbai suburbs; managed facilitation
of medical supplies at 50% reduced cost.
 Organized and assisted collection of used books, stationery, clothes, utensils for 150+ underprivileged people based out of
Mumbai.
Indian Development Foundation
2014 – 2015
 Conducted Mathematics tutorials to serve 30 underprivileged children at local primary school; supplied stationery and
required course material and reduced costs to 50%.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION




Authored research paper explaining currently available summarization techniques; published its report in International
Journal of Innovations & Advancement in Computer Science in December 2015.
Languages known: English (Fluent), Hindi (Fluent), Marathi (Fluent), Gujarati (Fluent).
Awarded 3rd place twice in bike races having more than 70 participants; won gold medal in weightlifting competition held
at local gym.

\n
Jared J Ross 

9522 Meadows Farm Dr. 

Owings Mills, MD, 21117 

(443)-388-2906 jaredrossj@gmail.com



SKILLS & ABILITIES 

Microsoft Office Suite Certified 	 	 	 	         	        2011 

Languages: C,C++, Java, Android, HTML/Javascript, Ruby, Visual Basic, Python, Prolog, OCaml

Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel, Powerpoint, Access 



 

	EDUCATION  	College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences, College Park, Md. Major in Computer Science, Minor Statistics. B.S. anticipated in May 2018. 

		

		Relevant Courses

	CMSC216 (Introduction to Computer Systems)

	CMSC320 (Introduction to Data Sciences)

	CMSC330 (Organization of Programming Languages)

	CMSC351 (Algorithms)

	CMSC424 (Database Design)

	BMGT230 (Business Statistics)



WORK EXPERIENCE 

			Paradyme Management	January 2017 - May 2017

				○	Constructed solutions to priority technical projects such as

		application development, help desk application design and  development of knowledge management, Analyzed large data sets

Visybl						       February 2016 – April 2016

○	Tested hardware specifications of Bluetooth Low Energy Beacons and Raspberry Pi Nodes, involved in troubleshooting and debugging Android code



Amideast 	 	 	     	 	 	   May 2015-August 2015 

				○ 	Reformatted and set up Windows computers, troubleshot and solved various technical issues around the office, assisted with networking of new office’s servers during office move

Barcoding Inc	 	 	                       		 	2013-2014 

			    ○	       Developed Android applications using Bluetooth Beacons, 

			Managed Amazon storefront, Worked with new technology	such as Estimote Beacons and Capture Tech asset tracking 

			

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

Future Business Leaders of America- Member  	 	 	2012-2014

Pi Kappa Phi - Founding Father				         2015 -2017 

REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST\n
Zijing (Judy) Zhang
6154 Springhill Terrace, Apt 305

Greenbelt, MD 20770

1-508-826-0995 zijing.zhang@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION:
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Business，Focus Area: Information System, GPA 3.83/4.00, GMAT: 750

December 2017

Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI), Worcester, MA
Master of Science in Marketing and Technological Innovation, GPA: 3.80/4.00

May 2016

Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (SHUFE), Shanghai, China
Bachelor of Management in International Business, GPA: 3.41/4.00

June 2014

Technical Skills:
Tools: SPSS, NVivo, Tobii, Qualtrics, MySQL, MS SQL Suite, @Risk, StatTools, Precision Tree
EXPERIENCE:
Teaching Assistant, Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland
January 2017- Present
 Helped 49 supply chain master students and 35 EMBA students with data modeling concepts and implementation,
improved student overall performance by making demonstration videos and notes
 Developed models using Excel Pivot, @Risk, StatTools, Precision Tree to solve optimization and prediction problems
 Created performance reports to professors and provided potential solution on enhancing student performance

Track Representative, Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland
January 2017- Present
 Represented 60 MS Information System students to reach out to different faculties and staffs, discussed the issues
regarding course registration, career service and more
 Participated the arrangement of the Town Hall which included seven professors, one staff and 30+ students, solved
students’ questions and concerns on internship seeking process
Research Assistant, User Experience and Decision Making Lab, School of Business, WPI
September 2014- May 2016
 Directed a team of five and enhanced user experience of website by conducting qualitative analysis on usability test,
landing page test and content management.
 Led a team of four research assistants to perform market research on consumer perception of product expiration date in
three product categories using Tobii (eye-tracking device) and Qualtrics.
 Collaborated with three analysts to analyze 30+ internal staff survey on internal website layout and content of a company
with SPSS; presented recommendations provided on website content changes and UI enhancement.
 Developed report on application of eye-tracking technology in marketing for two professors; identified possible
experiments design deploying Tobii to solve research questions.
 Managed a team of nine research assistant to collaborate with multiple research teams; assisted different research teams
to conduct 15+ independent experiments.
Volunteer Research Assistant, Department of Marketing, SHUFE
August 2012-April 2014
 Designed five questionnaires for TAYOHYA, China to improve stores customer service, layout, and management
effectiveness.
 Advised a research team of 12 students in a field study to visited 60 stores of TAYOHYA, China; administrated and
collected 200+ valid questionnaires from consumers and sales representatives.
 Interviewed seven senior managers of TAYOHYA, China on management effectiveness; executed internal research
based on interviews.
 Analyzed results of 200+ surveys from consumers, sales staff and management utilizing SPSS and Excel; recommended
strategic changes on internal management to leadership team.
 Improved stores design layout enhancing customer traffic by 30% and store visits by 25% by observing and studying instore behavior of 100+ consumers.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Language
Mandarin, English

\n
Roma Kaul

Last Updated on 8th August 2016

linkedin.com/in/roma-kaul | roma.kaul@rhsmith.umd.edu | 530.761.8475

EDUCATION

EXPERIENCE

UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND

ERNST AND YOUNG LLP | SUMMER INTERN

MASTER OF SCIENCE
INFORMATION SYSTEMS

Summer 2016 | Washington, DC
• Designed pages and reports as well as maintained eDiscovery knowledge
management content and permissions on Conﬂuence as an Admin.
• Presented analysis on 4000+ U.S. data breaches’ (past 10 years) business
quotient to EY cyber experts and made visualizations using Tableau 8.
• Performed text mining using R to ﬁnd interesting patterns from post-incident
corporate statements.
• Used SQl to fetch risk scores for client reports from documents in Relativity.

Dec 2016
Cum. GPA: 3.7 / 4.0

GRADUATE ASSISTANT, MIS

AMITY UNIVERSITY
BACHELOR OF TECHNOLOGY
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
May 2012 | India

GENPACT CAPITAL MARKETS | SENIOR ASSOCIATE
Radar Campaign Management System | Domain: Marketing | Client: PAYPAL

ENTREPRENEUR
EXPERIENCE
DANCE INFINIA, INDIA
CEO & Founder
· Founded three dance centers (for the
underprivileged) to teach forms like
Jazz Bollywood.
· Utilized 25% of the revenue from the
ﬁrst two centers, for providing free
lessons in the third center.
· Reached a headcount of 153
students.

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION
Visa Status:
US Permanent Resident
Technical Skills:
R•Tableau 8•Google Analytics•
C#•.NET•SharePoint
10•SQL•Relativity 8• InfoPath
2010•Risk•SolverTable•Simulation
Awards / Certifications:
· Certiﬁed in Google Analytics
· Invited to talk as 1 of the 3 speakers
for ‘IT in Ecommerce’ in Syracuse
University Round table discussion by
2U.inc .
· Exemplary Team Performer Awarded as key part in growing Ebay’s
revenues by 12% through client
retention.

Jan 2014-Jun 2015 | New Delhi, India
• Created architecture document for 5.X releases of client software, presented
to six people for successful rollout.
• Co-designed custom workﬂows in SharePoint to analyze progress of campaign
approval and coached 3000+ users at eBay.
• Performed regression, integration and stress testing for 96% code coverage.
• Spearheaded process of sending mails to 300 campaign managers by
formulating and implementing algorithm based logic.
Clinical supply & material tracking system | Domain: Healthcare | Client: PFIZER
Dec 2012 -Jan 2014 | New Delhi, India
• Performed compliance audits, internal control procedure as conﬁguration
manager; highlighted achieved 15 milestones for review by client.
• Brainstormed feature ideas and collaborated to achieve delivery ahead of
schedule with 100% artifacts.
• Assist with implementation and support of business information systems
• Identiﬁed regulations and managed four phases of Agile software delivery.

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
STUDENT CLEARING HOUSE | BUSINESS PROCESS MANAGEMENT
Feb 2016 – June 2016
• Facilitated sprint planning of the product(UMD student hiring by multiple
on-campus research projects sponsors) as a scrum master.
• Lead the daily scrum calls; created and managed scrum documents for 3 sprints.
• Translated the business requirement to technical for the team; Allocated work.

UMD-HEALTH CENTER APPLICATION | DBMS PROJECT
Oct 2015 – Dec 2015 | github.com/romakaul/health-center-app
• Created a .Net application with search and retrieval features using SQL join
queries to generate patient reports on UMD health center’s database.
• Prepared the document suite including ER-Schema, UML data ﬂow, Installation
manual and business transactions.

BIKE RENTALS MODEL | ANALYTICS
Nov 2015- Dec 2015 | github.com/romakaul/bike-rentals
• Used Risk on randomly generated values for input parameter using the available
statistical distributions to predict proﬁt/loss to be incurred by the company.
• Performed the simulation on start day inventory against business constraints
maximizing the proﬁts by 30% using Solver Table.

\n
RUJUN DAI
3300 East West Hwy

Hyattsville, MD 20782

(812)-606-6624

rujun.dai@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
University of Maryland College Park, Robert H. Smith School of Business, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems
Indiana University Bloomington, Kelley School of Business, Bloomington, IN
Bachelor of science, Majors: Information Systems; Supply Chain Management

December 2017
GPA: 3.79/4.00
2016
GPA: 3.397/4.00

EXPERIENCE
JinkoSolar Co., Ltd, Haining, China
2015
SAP Master Data maintenance specialist (1 month)
▪ Oversaw 1000 company’s SAP master data including customers, suppliers and material; provided accurate and updated data for
other departments.
▪ Conducted over 30 data supports for internal and external users daily, including add, delete, create and edit to avoid data
redundancy and to ensure data integrity.
▪ Facilitated 2 colleagues to analyze requests from 200+ customers for data updating and presented to IT manager.
Housing Accumulation Fund Center, Haining, China
2014
Database Administrator (1 month)
▪ Catalogued and inspected accumulation fund applications over past 10 years, decreasing error rate by nearly 6%.
▪ Recorded more than 1000 key files in database and developed access permissions to ensure information safety.
▪ Cooperated with 3 IT department colleagues to publish emergency manual for recovering database incase abnormal circumstance
occurred.
Arcelormittal Case Competition, Chicago, IL
2013
Award: Top Four
▪ Led team of 5 to investigate significant positive correlation between diversity culture and business success; created campaign for
almost 700 surrounding senior high school Latino students.
▪ Performed an excellent presentation among 170 teams; won Top Four and be invited to Arcelormittal Headquarter in Chicago to
display team effort to company’s management team.
▪ Enhanced effective networking and interpersonal skills during social events with 10 Arcelormittal Vice Presidents and managers.
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
University of Maryland College Park, College Park, MD
2016
Smith Master Student Association (SMSA) Ambassador
▪ Organized the second Smith school basketball tournament successfully with other 5 ambassadors, including marketing, court
reservation, player arrangement, food and drink preparation.
▪ Promoted unity among 32 players and enhanced personal ability to organize and coordinate.
Indiana University, Bloomington, IN
2014
Peer Tutor (4 months)
▪ Selected as peer tutor for course in advanced Excel; mentored 50+ undergraduate students to learn Excel skills, follow lecture
content and solve various tasks twice a week.
▪ Collaborated with other 5 tutors to assist professor and teaching assistant to demonstrate Excel functions, monitor examinations;
achieved advanced communication and teaching skills.
Haining Professional Swimming Team, Haining, China
2014 - 2016
Swimming Trainer
▪ Implemented professional swimming skills for children at Haining Gym for 2 months in summer.
▪ Identified and customized training lessons, safe instructions, enjoyable and motivated environment; accomplished 95%
satisfaction from both children and parents.
▪ Instructed 50+ children for three consecutive years; strengthened sense of responsibility and problem solving skills.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
▪ Language skills: SQL, VBA, VB, R, HTML, Python
▪ Technical tools: Visual Studio, Oracle SQL developer, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Access, Tableau
▪ Hobbies: Swimming, Cooking, Travelling, Guzheng (Chinese traditional instrument)

\n
Ksenia Vanatskaya
Mountain View, CA
Phone: (415) 562-8307
Email:ksenia.v91@gmail.com
SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER









Strong knowledge in SQA concepts, processes and methodologies
4 years’ experience testing web and mobile applications
Experience working in Agile environment
Expertise in writing test documentation: test plans, test cases, and bug reports
Experience with automation testing tools
Strong team player, ability to work efficiently in a team as well as individually
Excellent analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills
US Green card holder

Technical Skills









Windows, MAC OS, Linux
iOS, Android OS
Java
Selenium WebDriver
Shell scripting
HTML, CSS
SQL (Oracle, MySQL)
Bugzilla, Elementool, Jira, Mantis, Trello, Test Rail

Education
2016 – Current A.S. in Computer Science, Foothill College, Los Altos Hills, CA
2014 BSc in Economics, London School of Economics (International Program);
BSc in Economics, Higher School of Economic (Moscow, Russia - double degree
program)

Professional Experience
08/2015 – Present


Software QA Tester, Salesforce.com, Inc., San Francisco, CA

Tested a set of CRM application features on desktop (cross-browser testing) and mobile
(iOS, Android, Windows) devices








Performed testing of mobile web and hybrid applications
Performed UI, functional, and usability testing
Performed release verification testing
Used internal bug reporting tool to log, track, and verify issues
Executed, created, and updated test cases
Simultaneously worked with multiple teams

10/2014 – 05/2015








Tested the company’s e-commerce application: website through which the company sells
their products, admin/partner portals used to manage user and product records, coupons,
inventory, etc.
Focused on testing of the integration of the ConnectedIO website with the third party CRM
software
Used Test Rail test management system for creating and updating test cases, as well as
tracking testing effort progress
Reported bugs and followed their status using Mantis bug tracking system
Prepared testing progress reports for management
Participated in developing automation (Selenium WebDriver, TestNG) for regression
testing
Participated in daily QA meetings to discuss team members’ responsibilities and progress

02/2013 – 08/2014










Software QA Engineer, ConnectedIO, Santa Clara, CA

Software QA Tester, SQT Group, Moscow, Russia

Tested various web-based applications
Tested mobile (iOS, Android) applications
Retrieved and analyzed log files (iOS, Android)
Studied technical specifications and business requirements for the software
Created and executed test cases
Maintained automation test suites for web applications
Performed functional, GUI, usability, localization, compatibility, browser compatibility and
regression testing
Detected and reported bugs (JIRA, Bugzilla), monitored their status and performed bug
verification
Participated in regular QA meetings to discuss progress and assignments

07/2012 – 12/2012




Intern, CB "Trust Capital Bank" CJSC, Moscow, Russia

Tested company’s website (web and mobile web versions)
Performed functional, GUI, cross-browser, and regression testing
Identified and reported bugs

Other Projects








04/2015 - 05/2016 KrowdByz, QA Lead, Remote
Tested profile building web application for freelancers
Participated in creating and updating test documentation ( system requirements documents,
test cases, use cases)
Tested both web and mobile web versions of the application
Performed functional, GUI, cross-platform, cross-browser testing
Performed regression testing
Reported issues to a project management system (Trello) and tracked their progress
Participated in weekly meetings to discuss testing progress, bug fixes, new ideas, and future
tasks

\n
Manu Prabhakar	



Manu Prabhakar

E-mail: manup1871@gmail.com

Mobile: 470-328-3085



Experience Summary

As an IT professional, I am self-motivated individual with over 13 years of IT experience in IBM Web Sphere Application Server, ORACLE WebLogic, Administration/Deployment, and Linux. I helped clients to achieve process and operational efficiency by implementing leading business practices and strategic technology through distinct methodologies. I am looking for a position where I can make use of my ideas and acquired technical skills into executable business values for the improvement of my organization as well as for my continuous learning and improvement.

Create Coordinate, facilitate, and manage implementation/Deployment/Release plans for code releases/bug-fixes/software updates (Oracle/WebSphere).

Good knowledge of Linux as platform for all projects are Linux.

Installation and Maintenance of Continuous Integration tool Jenkins (earlier Hudson), creating/configuring jobs, and plug-in installation for code coverage and to publish the results and build failures.

Analysis java runtime servers using WebLogic server.

Responsible for running queries, complying classes in TOAD, PL/SQL Developer.

Manage major change releases including release note review, code deployment on IT/ST/UAT/PROD to support AT&T mission critical OSD applications. Ensuring all deliveries in compliance with I.T. Unified Process (I.T.U.P).

Troubleshot infrastructure issues like application server (Weblogic/WebSphere) start up failure, code deployment issues, JDBC and JMS configuration issues, JVM tuning by setting the proper memory arguments, heap size, garbage collection algorithm for better performance and throughput in highly available AT&T and mission-critical applications

Experienced in complete SDLC of the project involving Design, Development, Testing and Implementation of the Project.

Extensive experience in Software Configuration Management, Defect Management and  tools such as Subversion, I-Track(JIRA), and HP Quality Center, Nexxus repository Manager,  and responsible for various software version releases

Responsible for installation and configuration of AT&T customized application deployment tool TAIGA, Hudson on Apache Tomcat webserver.

Responsible for branch creation, merging using SVN tortoise client and manage hook scripts in Subversion.

Experience in end to end code delivery into production and co-ordinating with various groups for application software upgrade and driving outage calls if any.

Managing HP Mercury Quality Center and I-Track JIRA for Developer Bug/issues and Manual steps during an installation.

Coordinating with CCB and Change management groups with change request approvals for application deployment into production environment.

Handling Production deployments and various environment issues.

		Good experience in managing and monitoring IBM WebSphere Application Server performance by tuning JVM heap size & GC parameters

		Secure Socket Layer (SSL) setup at IBM WebSphere Application Server / Weblogic Servers

			Troubleshooting Production issues, Worked on resolving Application Server Hang issues and High memory and CPU issues

Participated in Six Sigma Project for Build and Deployment improvement as a Project Lead for my sub Team.

		Provided 24x7 production support, best practice trouble shooting, monitoring, capacity planning, performance tuning, naming standards, security and maintenance for J2EE applications deployed Oracle Web logic application servers



Academics 



Bachelors Degree in Computer  Science and  Engineering from H.P University, Shimla, 2003.

Diploma in Computer & science from PSBTE, Punjab, 2000





Technical Summary



Programming Languages

Linux, Unix,Perl,ant,maven, PL/SQL

Tools

SVN, Quality Center, Taiga, AVOS Endpoints, Hudson,nexus repository Manager, LDAP, Jenkin

Operating Systems

Windows, Unix- Solaris, linux 

Database(s)

Oracle 10g,11g

Application Server

Weblogic 10.3,11.x/12x, IBM WebSphere 6.x/7.x/8.x, Apache Tomcat

COTS PRODUCTS

AVOS Endpoints,Cramer OSS6.4/8.0.0/OSS8.2

Development IDE

Eclipse,TOAD, PL/SQL Developer





Work Experience



	     Client: AT&T, Atlanta			              				Jan  2014 –Aug 2016  



Role:  Deployment Manager/Application Support/WebSphere Admin



AMNQ/RMLQ/ADSL Qual



Team Size – 10+



AMNQ (Availability Management Network Qualification) provides U-Verse, DSL and IPDSLAM availability based on the network inventory and other network details.

ADSL Qual apply Telco network qualification business rules to determine if a customer qualifies for IPDSLAM/Uverse and ATM DSL.  

Loop Qualification System For DSL Product is a mechanize loop qualification system based on design point loop characteristics obtained from LEAD, PLAN and LFACS system.

Provides address validation and service availability information for IPAG for 22 states.

. 







Role/Responsibilities: 



																Release management and deployment coordination.

																Maintained IBM WebSphere on Linux in development, staging and preproduction environments.

																Maintenance of WebSphere Application Servers on different UNIX platforms and setting up the development, testing, staging and Production environment for the on-going application development. 

																Troubleshoot Migration issues, Node Manager issues.

																Configuring servers in both standalone and domain mode.

																24X7 on-call production support and troubleshooting problems related to WebSphere Application Server and MQ Series.  

																Creation/modification of existing/new SHELL, WLST and ANT scripts for monitoring and atomization of environments.

																Monitoring Health of WebSphere Servers in Production. 

																Logo insertions, clearing WebSphere cache and DB Schema mapping for WebSphere.

																Development of infrastructure, Installation and support of System, Test, UAT, Staging and Prod Environments.

																WebSphere log archivals and Apache log archivals in Production.

																Analysis of WebLogic Thread Dumps using tools.

																Assist testing efforts with the client and WebSphere issues follow up to closure.

																PRD Change Manager

																Open/Document/Manage/Close AOTS CRs (Change request) for all applications.

																Create implementation plans for maintenance work on servers where these applications run

																Client management: work with clients (over 50) to process their registration requests for new versions of Application (which we release 3 times per year). Now this is for both Unix and Linux environments.

																Coordinate, facilitate, and manage changes to our PRD servers

																Participate in Issue Resolution/ Clarifications with Production Support team.

																Respond to any questions or escalations from Production Support team. 

																Participate in System Appreciation Documentation and end-user documentation.

																Capacity management especially for Allications, keep an eye on how much volume we are receiving per day/month to make sure we have capacity, work with clients to make sure that increases in volume are within our capacity.

																Escalation contact 24 x 7 x 365 in case of outages if SQM team needs assistance or client(s) is escalating issue.

	

     



	    Client : AT&T, Noida/Atlanta		              				Aug 2009 –Aug 2016  



Role:  Application Support/Weblogic Admin



Operations & Service Development(Canopi)



Team Size – 10



The project involved managing broadband network to provision the U-Verse an AT&T product portfolio to provide triple play service to its customers.

Role/Responsibilities: 



																HF (Hot Fixes) deployment. 

		Monitoring Health of WebLogic Servers in Production. 

		Deployment of code on WebLogic 11gRx/10.3.x/9.2 server and portal in production mode.

		Installations and maintenance of WebSphere Application Servers on different UNIX platforms and setting up the development, testing, staging and Production environment for the on-going application development. 

		Troubleshoot Migration issues, Node Manager issues.

		Logo insertions, clearing WebLogic cache and DB Schema mapping for WebLogic.

		Development of infrastructure, Installation and support of System, Test, UAT, Staging and Prod Environments.

		WebLogic log archivals and Apache log archivals in Production.

		Deployment and troubleshooting of JAR, WAR and EAR on both stand alone and clustered environment in Weblogic and Apache Tomcat.

		Analysis of WebLogic Thread Dumps using tools

		Oversight and development of Build and Release process.

		Manage control branching and merging of code.

		Create and Maintain complete environments for current and past releases.

		Maintain and automate build processes.

		Participate in Issue Resolution/ Clarifications with testers or whoever requires SCM support.

		Report status to the Onsite Coordinator and Offshore Lead.

		Follow all the processes and quality standards.

		Participate in setting up offshore environment.

		Participate in System Appreciation Documentation and end-user documentation.

		Checking Subversion and CVS.

																Handling Infrastructure and environmental issue.

																Handling Deployment on IT/ST/UAT/PROD Environment

																Daily status report

																Making the shift schedule for the team.

																coordinate with onsite and offshore.

																



	    Client : AT&T, Noida 				              			Nov 2006 –Aug 2009



Role:  Application Support/ Weblogic Admin



Sales Coaching Pricing Tool(SCPT)/ Bill of Material Report and Status System (BRASS)



Team Size – 10

SCPT is based on Convergys’s Power Seller application. It provides coaching, configuring and pricing of complex solutions. SCPT is an enterprise tool available in all regions. SCPT main business benefit is to make the Sales process more efficient by reducing the time and effort it takes to produce an accurate quote, translating into increased sales.

BRASS application was created in 2005 for California State University billing architecture. This billing process was tracked manually via employee’s effort to keep all transactions on accord with an Excel spreadsheet. This made it difficult to accurately track changes if made on the client’s or vendor’s end. BRASS help eliminate human mistakes by tracking information via a database and security measures to prevent such calamity.



Role/Responsibilities: 



Installation and Configuration of WebLogic Application Servers on Linux. 

Installation and Configuration of Apache Web server.

Deployed applications on Apache Tomcat.

Deployment of .war and .ear files in Non-Production and Production environments. 

Configure Message Bridge and JMS Queues and topics. 

Server Performance tuning and Trouble shoot the applications and server side issues. 

Create the Data Source, Connection Pool and test the Connection to connecting the DB or Not. 

Creating the virtual hosts in apache WebLogic Server 

Application backup with tar and zip.

Scripting to automate starting and stopping servers on physical reboot of Servers, ftp files between servers  and local      

machine, check status of servers and mail etc.

Dealt with issues like Application Deadlock, High CPU, server hang up, and profiling the memory with third party tools like 

Provided On Call support 24/7. 

																

Taj Info-Tech, Chandigarh							Aug 2003 – Oct 2006

Role: Application Support/Weblogic Admin

Regional Cyber Banking 

The UOB regional cyber banking system is targeted for consumers or private account holders with savings, fixed deposits and credit card accounts .The phase which has been developed, consists of modules like User Login, Registration, Linking /Delinking of services, Linking /Delinking of accounts ,Account transactions.



Role/Responsibilities: 



	Troubleshoot emerging application issues i.e. WebLogic configuration to code issues.

	Extensively involved in performance tuning and monitoring of various applications.

	Configured JDBC connection pool and multipool with ORACLE, Sybase and SQL Server.

	Deploy Portlets in a clustered environment for WebSphere portal.

	Experience in troubleshooting on issues such as out of memory, memory leaks, and hung session. Requirement gathering for WebLogic migration UAT staging environment.

Installation and Configuration of Apache Web server.

Deployed applications on Apache Tomcat.

Deployment of .war and .ear files in Non-Production and Production environments. 

Configure Message Bridge and JMS Queues and topics. 

Server Performance tuning and Trouble shoot the applications and server side issues. 

Create the Data Source, Connection Pool and test the Connection to connecting the DB or Not. 

		Log-file analysis (troubleshooting) to resolve issues using scripts.

		Creation of SSL and Digital Certificates for requesting, generating and the implementation of the communication link between the web server and the application server.

Developed scripts to monitor JDBC connection pool status, JVM Heap size and JMS messages in the destination   queues in the production environment.

Application backup with tar and zip. 

Provided On Call support 24/7. 

																		



Page 3 of 7\n
MARIAMAWIT ZELEKE
1440 Holly Street, Washington DC 20012 | mariamawitzeleke@gmail.com | 720-401-1321

SKILLS & ABILITIES

EXPERIENCE

Languages: Amharic (fluent)
Technical: Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, experienced in social media.
Soft Skills: Adaptable, strong work ethic, time management, and attention to detail.
BEFORE AND AFTER CARE ASSISTANT RED HAWK RIDGE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
5/22/15- 9/1/16





Oversaw material and equipment preparation for after school activities.
Assisted in tutorial program for students.
Planned monthly community outreach events for students and their families.
Planned interactive, engaging activities including crafts, games, and outdoor activities.

SALES ASSOCIATE ROSS STORES
6/9/16-8/12/16



Maintain constant presence on sales floor to address customer needs.
Approach customers assist them with what they need and made sure all their
questions were answered.

Assist customers with trying on items, finding appropriate sizes, and purchasing items.

Worked in departments across the floor and assisted where needed.
JUMPSTART CORPS MEMBER JUMPSTART
9/15/16- CURRENT

Implemented early childhood curriculum, supported family involvement, and promoted
children’s language and literacy skills.

Collaborated with a team of Corps members to plan twice weekly in-classroom
activities for preschool children.

Worked with underprivileged children needing additional educational assistance to
strengthen their foundation for higher education.
EDUCATION

GRANDVIEW HIGH SCHOOL, AURORA, COLORADO
HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA
Schoolwork: AP courses GPA: 3.8; Distinguished Scholar
Clubs: Key Club, Spanish Honor Society, soccer, cross country
GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERESITY, WASHINGTON, DC
Pursuing Bachelor’s Degree
GPA: 3.74; Presidential Scholarship recipient
Coursework: Philosophy, Calculus, Sociology, American Politics, Introduction to Software
Development
Clubs: cross country, FIT U, African Student Association

REFERENCES

CELINE FERNANDES, BEFORE AND AFTER CARE DIRECTOR
RED HAWK RIDGE ELEMENTARY
Cell: 720-207-8580
ROCHELLE YANCEY, JUMPSTART SITE MANAGER
GEORGE WASHINGTON UNUIVERSITY
Cell: 202-994-0833
Email: ryancey@gwu.edu

\n
Hitesh Kumar

	630-337-8047

	rastogihitesh@yahoo.com

		Summary

		  18 years of IT industry experience with expertise in Infrastructure Architecture Consulting of Middleware technologies and systems for banking and Insurance domains

		Designed and Implemented highly scalable, available, load balanced and optimized performance oriented solutions at various clients

		 Extensive experience in working with and BEA WebLogic Server 6.1/7.0/8.1/9.x/10.x/12c, Oracle Fusion Middleware SOA suite 11G products and IBM MQ series

		Performed Installation , maintenance, fixes upgrades, general administration, troubleshooting and performance tuning of  WebSphere Application  Server7.x/8.x

11g products including Service Bus OSB11G, BPEL Service EngineOracle Identity Management 11g R2 PS1, Mediator Service Engine

Worked with Oracle products like Oracle Identity Management 11g R2 PS1, Oracle Unified Directory(OUD),  Oracle Virtual directory(OVD), ODSM, OSB11G installations and supporting these environments

Expertise in Installing, configuring and Administration of BEA Web Logic Server 6.1/7.0/8.1/9.x/10/11G R3 on Sun-Solaris, AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows environments

	Designed the Aqualogic ESB, OSB 10G R3, OSB 11G R3 with JCA Adapters on the systems in performance perspective like deciding the admin and managed servers and the services deployed

	Install and configuring F5  , Apache and Oracle HTTP server OHS 

	Installed and configured Oracle enterprise Manager (OEM12c) for alert monitoring purposes

	Implemented NewRelic monitoring into JVMs for all the Weblogic instances across enterprise

	Given user based security for the different roles like a team can only deploy while other can administer

	Installed, configured and maintained Oracle Service Bus OSB11GR3, AquaLogic Service Bus (ALSB), WebLogic Integration Servers (WLS), Weblogic 8.1 Portal Servers.

	Expertise in Installing, configuring and Administration of Sun One Web Server 4.x/6.x(IPlanet), Microsoft IIS, Apache Web Server 1.x/2.x, Apache Tomcat 5.x on Sun-Solaris, AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows environments.

	Proven skills in troubleshooting, Performance Tuning and performance monitoring of WebLogic Server administration

	Implemented SSL Certificates on OHS, WebLogic, IPlanet and Apache servers.

	Experience in Upgrading WebLogic 8.x to 9.x , 8.x  to 10.x and 10.x to 12c

	Configured multiple Work Managers in WebLogic server to manage resources WorkShop

	Solid experience in developing and deploying the applications on multiple WebLogic Servers and maintaining Load balancing and High availability.

	Expertise in installing, configuring and administration of  OER,OSR,ALER, ALSR and AL-BPM products on Sun Solaris

	Strong knowledge in Clustering EJB objects, JDBC connections and JMS connection factories.

	Configured and monitor JMS servers in WebLogic.

	Configured JNDI server as repository for EJB Home stubs, JDBC data source, JMS connection factories, queues and topics. 

	Configured and administered Connection pools for JDBC connections and JMS Connections. 

	Strong programming skills in Internet Programming using Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, JDBC, XML and DHTML.

	Extensive experience in designing complex applications using Object Oriented methods.

	Excellent database knowledge using Oracle, MS SQL Server, SQL, PL/SQL.

	Strong UNIX Shell and WLST scripting experience and auto deployment process.

	Installed and Configured LDAP-Site Minder Server integrated with Web Logic Application Server.

	Installed and configured Wily Introscope Agents 7.x/8.x on windows and Unix environments to monitor WebLogic Application Servers.

	UNIX Shell scripts and auto deployment process.

	Strong knowledge on TCP/IP, DNS and DHCP.

	Ability to implement new concepts and applications.

	Performed 24/7 on call production support

	Experience in setting up SiteMinder plugin on OHS

	Experience Integrating through middleware IBM MQ series, Siebel, SAP and Databases through adapters

	Certified IBM MQ Series specialist

	

	SKILLS



			Programming Languages: Java, C, C++, PL/SQL, SQL and DQL.

		SOA : Oracle fusion middleware SOA suite 11g products which contains Oracle Identity Management 11g R2 PS1, Oracle Unified Directory(OUD),  Oracle Virtual directory(OVD), ODSM, OSB11G

			Markup Languages: XML, HTML / DHTML, CSS.

			Tools: .Net, JDBC, Hibernate, Spring Framework, JMS, JNDI, SOAP, Java Script, WML, DHTML, Struts, JUnit, Shell Scripts, Clearcase 6.0, Visio 2007, JMeter2.x,  ANT1.x, Wily Introscope 7.x/8.x.

			Server Side Technologies: JDBC, SERVLETS, JSP.

	Frameworks: Model-View-Controller (MVC) and Jakarta Struts.

	RDBMS: Oracle 8i/9i/10i, and SQL Server 2000.

Application Servers Family: OSB 10GR3, WebLogic  7.x/ 8.x/9.x/10.x and ALSB, ALSR,ALER WLI, Portal. SunONE 6.0/6.1, Apache 1.3.4/2.2.4/2.2.6/2.2.8, Apache, Tomcat 5.x, WebSphere Application  Server7.x/8.x

	Web Servers :  Apache HTTP Server , IBM HTTP Server ,Oracle HTTP Server

	Operating Systems: UNIX, AIX, Sun Solaris, Red Hat Linux, Windows NT/2003.

			IDE’S: WASD5.1, Eclipse 3.0, NetBeans 4.0/5i.

			Middleware: Tibco, IBM MQ Series 5.3.0

			CDN:  AKAMAI Content Delivery Network 

			Cloud Computing Services: AKAMAI, AWS

			Automation tool: BladeLogic

		

	SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL, IL 

WebLogic SOA Consultant

July 2014– Till date

Responsibilities:

Helped in getting the webserver URLs using AKAMAI content delivery network (CDN) services provider 

For hiding the actual identity of webserver URLs

Maintenance and Administration of WebLogic 12c, 11g, 10.3 on Solaris 10 platforms and RedHat Linux. 

Installation of SOA12c suite and Application Development Framework ADF11.1.1 on Application Server. 

Installation and Configuration of Apache-Tomcat7 Webserver and WebLogic Application servers in          development, testing and Production environments. 

Installation of required Java Development Kit (JDK) versions compatible to Application Servers. 

Worked in the System Integration Testing (SIT) environment) 

Creating JMS servers, modules, connection factories and queues. Monitoring the flow of the transaction messages between the queues and database architecture. 

Running queries in the oracle SQL developer to track the stuck messages which are pending in the transaction tables and queues. 

Configuration of Work manager on the Server to increase the thread constraints. 

Configuration of Data Sources (XA and non-XA Data sources), EIS Outbound Pool Connections for Adaptors on application Server. 

Configured Watches and Notifications in the Diagnostic module to monitor the STUCK threads, Deadlocks, Health from the Log files. 

Worked in the System Integration Testing (SIT) environment where the import and export of data happens between different service layers. Monitored the flow of data between the Integration layer, Database layer and the Application layer. 

Troubleshooting the transactions stuck in the Integration Level and JMS server Level. 

Experienced with Oracle SQL developer. Running queries to monitor the transaction status records from the DB tables. 

Deployment of JAR, WAR and EAR files to the Application servers from console and through tools like Anthill Pro which uses Ant scripts for the deployment Process. 

Performed Troubleshooting during build and deployment failures. 

Deployment of SOA composites and OSB projects from console and using scripts. 

Experience with SOAPUI tool to validate the XML Requests and Responses from the Web Services. 

Trouble shooting of failed flow instances in SOA Enterprise Manager and monitoring of Error Hospital to get the error metrics in the flow instances. 

Configuring and Monitoring the end Point URIs in service bus console. 

Installation of Patches 

Performance tuning of JVM Heap, GC verbose to troubleshoot the out of memory issues in the stack threads. Analyzing Core dumps to troubleshoot the Memory issues on the Server. 

Monitoring Server logs, Server Health, CPU usage and disk space usage. 

Performing thread dumps and analyzing them to get the root cause of the stuck threads. 

WLST, Shell scripting for the automation of daily Server restart. Developed a script to deploy and

 un-deploy SOA composites. 

Developed Scripts which were placed on crontab to monitor the Server health and other automation process like log rotation and log deletion. 

Documented the steps to troubleshoot the incidents which occur daily for further reference. 

Provided 24X7 on call Support during the production release.


		Environment: WebLogic Application Server(12c,11g.10.3), Apache-tomcat-7.0.55 web server, Unix (Solaris 10.0), RHEL, SOA 12c, OSB 12c, OracleADF, JMS, WLST, Python, Ant scripts, Bash shell, Anthill Pro Deployment Tool, JSP, WSDL, XML, SOAPUI, Oracle SQL Developer, SIT (system Integration testing) environment 


		

	ZURICH NORTH AMERICA, IL 

WebLogic / Oracle Service bus (OSB) Consultant/ SOA Architect

Jan 2007 – June 2014

Responsibilities:

	Designed optimized load balanced solutions using Oracle Fusion middleware 11g products like OSB 11G,OUD,OVD, IDM and ODSM running on latest weblogic 12c application server

	Install, configure and administered BEA WebLogic Server in Sun Solaris. AIX, Linux, HP-UNIX and Windows 2003 Advanced Server Environments.

	Managing a team members of 14 geographically distributed resources directly reporting for Weblogic /IBM MQ Series/ Middleware related issues

	Installed, configured and administered OSB11gR1 ,OSB 10G R3 , AquaLogic Service Bus 2.5, WebLogic Integration 8.1/9.2, Weblogic Portal Server 8.1 in  various environments

	Installed and configured OHS, SunONE, Apache Webservers on UNIX and Windows platforms.

	Installed and configured Apache Tomcat 5.5 server in various environments.

	Installed , configured and administered ALSR, ALER and AL-BPM BEA/Oracle products

	Involved in doing a performance benchmark of WebLogic server by using WebLogic.admin command line properties in UNIX shell scripts.

	Performed Upgradation of weblogic 7.1/8.1 to 9.x/10.0.

	Deployed the WAR, JAR and EAR applications in WebLogic servers.

	Implemented SSL Certificates on WebLogic, IPlanet and Apache servers.

	Developed Startup, Shutdown scripts to bounce the WebLogic server.

	Implemented deployment scripts in WLST language.

	Developed Crontab scripts for timely running jobs and provide server status. 

	Configured and administered JDBC, JMS and JNDI in WebLogic Server. 

	Configured and administered WebLogic server with Oracle9i/10g database.

	Deployed the applications on multiple WebLogic Server instances and maintained Load balancing, High availability and Fail over for the servers.

	Automated deployment process and  WebLogic bounce using Control-M batch  scheduler

	Configured and administered Clustering of EJB objects, JDBC connections and JMS connection factories.

	Used config wizard and config builder extensively to create and manage WebLogic domains.

	Setting up the cluster environment for WebLogic Server integrated with multiple workflows.

	Configured and administered Connection pools, multi connection pools and Data Source for JDBC connections. 

	Monitored JVM heap size using Wily Introscope.

	Applying the patches to the WebLogic servers.

	Resolving UniCenter Service Desk Tickets for Production and Non Production Issues

	Troubleshoot emerging application issues from WebLogic configuration to code issues.  

	Develop ANTbuild scripts, UNIX shell scripts and auto deployment process.

	Performed 24/7 on call production support

	Installed Tibco and IBM MQ Series installation and supported





Environment: WebLogic Application Server 6.1/7.0/8.1/9.x/10.0, ALSB 2.5, WLI 8.1/9.2, Portal 8.1/10.0, ALSR 2.1, ALER 3.0, AL-BPM, Sun ONE IPlanet 4.x/6.x, Wily Introscope Agents 7.x/8.x, Oracle 10g, Apache 1.x/2.x, Apache Tomcat, Microsoft IIS, Mapmarker 14.x, Mapxtremejava 4.x, Spatial Ware 4.5, Windows 2003, Solaris 10, AIX servers, J2EE, EJB, Servlet, XML, SOAP, HMTL, Java Script, JDBC, JSP, 

IBM MQ series 5.3, Tibco  





	Sprint PCS, Overland Park, KS

WebLogic ALSB 2.6 Consultant/Infrastructure Architect

Sept 2005 –Nov 2006



Responsibilities:

	Involved in Installation, configuration and maintenance of WebLogic Server in Domain and Clustered environment. 

	Performed Installation , maintenance, fixes upgrades, general administration, troubleshooting and performance tuning of  WebSphere Application  Server7.x

	Deployed the applications like formats of WAR, JAR, and EAR in WebLogic.

	Installed and Configured SunOne Iplanet web Server 

	Define forwarding rules from SunOne iplanet to WebLogic Application Server.

	Troubleshooting and fixing of problems on WebLogic Application Server. 

	Configured and administered of JDBC, JMS, JNDI, SNMP in WebLogic Server.

	Installed, configured and administered IPlanet web server.

	Implemented creation of Server groups and clusters in WebLogic Server.

	Configured and deployed applications in various work environments like Development, System Test and Production.

	Migrated application’s from previous on WebLogic version 6.1 to current WebLogic version

	Involved in Installation and configuration of MS-Exchange 5.0 and 5.5 based messaging systems for internal use and for POP3, SMTP and HTTP access.

	Wrote Korn and Bourne Shell scripts for High Availability and for user management across the platform.

	Implemented standard backup procedures for both application DB and WebLogic 7.x. 

	Review and modification of UNIX scripts used for batch jobs.



Environment:  WebLogic Application Server 6.1/7.0/8.1, Sun ONE IPlanet 4.x/6.0, Oracle 9i, Apache, Apache Tomcat, J2EE, EJB, Servlet, XML, SOAP, HMTL, Java Script, JDBC, JSP,  Windows 2003, Solaris 10, AIX servers, Tibco, IBM MQ series



	

	Hughes Supply, Orlando, FL

WebLogic Consultant

July 2004 –Aug 2005 

Responsibilities:

	Supported 24/7 on call schedule for Production support.

	Involved in Installation, configuration and administration of Bea WebLogic Server in various environments.

	Install and configure SunOne Web server in various environments.

	Deployed the applications like formats of WAR, JAR, and EAR in WebLogic.

	Configured and administered of WebLogic server with Oracle9i database.

	Deployed the applications on multiple WebLogic Server and maintained Load balancing, High availability and Fail over functionality.

	Configure Clustering EJB objects, JDBC connections and JMS connection factories.

	Written shell scripts to Start/stop WebLogic application server.

	Configured Node manager for administer the Managed servers.

	Configured and administered Connection pools for JDBC connections. 

	Used config wizard and config builder extensively to create and manage WebLogic domains.

	Developed UNIX shell scripts for batch jobs to startup and shutdown WebLogic server.

	Setting up the cluster environment for WebLogic Server integrated with multiple workflows.

	Involved in doing a performance benchmark of WebLogic server by using Loadrunner.

	Application’s migration of WebLogic server from previous version 7.0 to current version.

	Configured and deployed applications in various work environments like Development, System Test, SIT, RTB and Production.

	Researched and troubleshooted emerging application issues, from WebLogic configuration to code issues.

	Configured JNDI server as repository for EJB Home stubs, JDBC data source, JMS connection factories, queues and topics.

	IBM MQ Series, Tibco 



Environment:  WebLogic Application Server 6.1/7.0, Sun ONE IPlanet 4.x/6.0, Oracle 9i, Apache, Apache Tomcat, J2EE, EJB, Servlet, XML, SOAP, HMTL, Java Script, JDBC, JSP,  Windows 2003, Solaris 10, AIX servers., Tibco

	

	State Farm Insurance, Boston

WebLogic Consultant

Jun 2003- March 2004



Responsibilities:

	Maintained Web logic Server 6.1/7.0

	Installed, configured and administer iplanet web server 4.0 on Sun Solaris and windows environment.

	Implemented standard backup procedures for both application DB and Web Logic 6.1/7.x backup of configuration files.

	Problem determination using local error logs and by running user traces and service traces.

	Configured and deployed applications in various work environments like Development, System Test and Production.

	Configured Node manager to administer the Managed Servers

	Implemented creation of Server groups and clusters in Web Logic Server.

	Tuned JVM’s, JVM heap size, garbage collections, Java stack, Native thread.

	Develop Crontab scripts for timely running jobs and provide server status

	Documenting design procedures and test plans.



Environment: Java, J2EE, SOAP, Servlets, JSP, Struts, JDBC, EJBs, JMS, WebLogic Application Server 6.1/7.0, XML, and Oracle 8i.

	Singapore Telecommunications, Singapore

Programmer Analyst/ Web Administrator

Aug 1998- Apr 2003

SingTel is Asia's leading communications group operations and investments in more than 20 countries and Territories around the world.

Project I: Refund Management.

Responsibilities:

		Implemented OOAD, developed UML class, sequence Diagrams; use cases using Rational Rose.

		Used Struts Framework to obtain MVC model. 

		The UI is being completely developed using JSP Custom Tags. 

		Application is developed using HTML, CSS, Javascript, XML, EJB, and JSP in UNIX Environment. 

		Developed several JSP’s using Struts Framework and Custom Tag Libraries coded both session and entity beans (EJB).

	Involved in developing EJBs, JSPs, and Servlets for model, view and controller respectively. Mapped EJBs with Oracle database.

		Used XSLT to transform XML document into Html.

	Involved in writing Junit test cases.

	Environment: Java, EJBs, Servlets, JSP, Struts, WebSphere, UML, Rational Rose, JUnit, Oracle 8.x.



Project II: HORIZON (Client: Yes Optus, Australia).



Responsibilities:

	Involved in the maintenance, testing and deployment of the application.

	Written system messaging components using JMS to send and receive messages.

	Involved in creating WebServices.

	Re-designed JDBC based persistence in Scriptlets to dedicated DAO persistence layer using Struts.

	Used XSL and XML formats.

		Designed and Developed Servlets, Session and Entity Beans to implement business logic and deploy them on Websphere Application Server.

	Made documentation for the assigned modules.

	Involved in writing Junit test cases.



Project III: Call for Collaboration 		



Responsibilities:

	Requirement analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Maintenance.

	Involved in the full lifecycle of these projects using UML Design and Analysis methodology.  

		Involved in writing server side notifications using Servlets.

		Developed the business process to their code validations using JSP, JavaBeans and EJB.

		Involved in Servlets and JSPs coding to handle the responses and requests from web pages.

		Login authentication is done by JSP by verifying with database security tables.

		Used EJB as a middleware in designing and developing a three-tier distributed application.

		Implemented business logic at server side using Session Bean.

		Used Stateful session bean to maintain client state.

		Used CVS for version control throughout the application.

		Developed Entity Beans (Program, User) used for encapsulating business logic.

		Used XML to generate Invoices.

	Environment: 	UML, XML, Java, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, Enterprise Java Beans, WebLogic Server, CVS and Oracle 8.x.





Project IV: Any Transactions on Mobile Internet Commerce (ATOMIC).	



Responsibilities:

	Participated in object model design using UML, then generated skeleton code for EJB.

	Involved in developing all the tiers of the J2EE application.

	Implemented business logic using EJBs in the middle tier, developed java beans and helper classes to communicate with the presentation tier, which consists of JSPs, Servlets and Java Applets.

	Designed, implemented, tested and deployed Enterprise Java Beans both Session and Entity using WebLogic as Application Server.

	Developed stored procedures, packages and database triggers to enforce data integrity. 

	Interacted with business users, performed data analysis and created reports as the user requirements.

	Used EJBs to develop business logic and coded reusable components in JavaBeans.

	Developed the database interaction code to JDBC API making extensive use of SQL Query statements and advanced prepared statements.

	Participated in full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).

	Used connection pooling for best optimization using JDBC interface. 

	Used EJB entity and session beans to implement business logic and session handling and transactions. 

	Involved in using different J2EE patterns like type safe enumeration, Session façade.

	Developed user-interface using JSP, Servlets and JavaScript.

	Developed test cases for Unit testing using Junit and performed integration and system testing.





Environment: UML, XML, Java, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, Enterprise Java Beans, WebLogic Server 6.0, Oracle 8.x, Tibco 

	

	Education

Bachelor of Electrical Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Roorkee in 1998

IBM Certified MQ Series Specialist\n
DIANE ZAGHAL

9505 Worth Avenue

Silver Spring, MD  20901

 (301) 252-6056        zaghaldiane@gmail.com



PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Test Engineer with over 16 years of experience in ensuring quality delivery of software products directly to customers.  Strengths include extensive knowledge of Software Quality Assurance, Full Life Cycle testing and Integrated areas including Deployment, System Regression and Integration testing. 

 

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:

 

       Quality Assurance test engineer for 16+ years

       CTFL Certification

       ITIL Certification

       14 years of experience performing configuration, testing and supporting the following PeopleSoft HRMS modules:   HR, Payroll for North America, Base Benefits, Leave Accrual

       Software Quality Assurance Test Engineer with experience in Functional, Regression, System Testing, Integration Testing, User Acceptance Testing and Security Testing PeopleSoft HCM applications

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

 

Employer:  Temporary Solutions Inc.

Client:  Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, Washington, DC

Help Desk Technician Tier II

02/2014 – Present

 

Provide Tier II Helpdesk support for customized PeopleSoft HCM 9.1 modules:  Human Resources, Employee Self Service, Manager Self Service, Payroll, Time & Labor, Recruiting and Workflow

Provide functional post production support to Metro end users using PeopleSoft HCM application.  Research, troubleshoot and resolve issues related to Payroll, Absence Management, Timesheet and HR issues

Use Maximo helpdesk ticketing system to log and retrieve customer issues for resolution. Test scenarios, log issues to development and work with developers to respond to production issues

Maintain and create PeopleSoft end user documentation

Support system modifications for functionality-based issues or other system related changes

Participate in various end-user testing sessions to gain training insights for modifying and delivering content for end-users

Responsible for providing second level support for all end-users

Work with customers to analyze reported problems

Handle, diagnose and resolve end-user calls

Provide outstanding customer service in a high volume environment

Act as customer advocate for problem resolution

Offer accurate, consistent solutions and guidance to employees across the entire organization

Provide advanced user and intermediate trouble-shooting skills

Follow up on all tickets in a timely manner and follow through to resolution

 

Allegis Group, Hanover, MD

Test Engineer

03/1999-11/2013

 

Senior tester for maintenance and enhancements for PeopleSoft HRMS and OASIS (client’s custom system on par with Pay Bill Management application in PeopleSoft)

Functional tester for the Global Back Office Implementation in PeopleSoft HRMS (Europe, Germany, United Kingdom, Netherlands and Ireland)

Test engineer for global project – merged all back office systems (HR and Financials) into PeopleSoft

Tested HR modules for PeopleTools upgrade project from version 8.47 to 8.49 to 8.52

Validated that development activities accurately and completely captured documented requirements to meet the users needs

Performed testing for upgrades and patches

Performed black box testing, white box testing, system testing, system integration testing, back end testing and functional testing

Developed SQL statements to query database for consistency of data and data quality

Responsible for analyzing requirements and critical areas of the application to setup and execute baseline tests

Performed regression testing on existing code to ensure that new functionality has not impacted existing code

Facilitated user acceptance testing

Created and maintained test methodologies, test strategies, test plans, test cases and test scripts

Defined testing standards and roles for Test Engineers

Worked with cross-functional teams to ensure user requirements were properly coded for various system change requests

Defined and enforced proper QA standards and practices on a consistent basis

Provided levels of effort and conducted QC audits 

Served as a liaison for any QA communication across teams

Provided my HRMS knowledge to offshore and onshore resources

Mentored offshore and onshore resources on functionality and testing methodologies

Led the offshore testers responsible for testing PeopleSoft HRMS and Payroll modules 

Added value in handling and optimizing the onsite and offsite model

Provided feedback on offshore resource performance

Participated in discussions necessary for QA methodology changes or updates

Researched and resolved production issues

Reported and maintained product defects, verified fixed defects and prioritized outstanding defects

Communicated release notes for each migration to users

Maintained open communication with users and analysts

Aware of the checkpoints throughout the SDLC process

Identified and implemented process improvements

Created and maintained production support documentation

Maintained awareness of all service and critical deliverables

Facilitated testing touchpoint meetings with testers

Provided third level support to users

Utilized SharePoint for storing all test documents, test requirements, test results, test reports, user guides and all related information for testing

 

ICF International, Rockville, MD

Analyst

06/1997-03/1999

 

Performed testing activities for specific modules/subsystems of the U.S. Department of Education Student Aid Central Processing System (CPS) for Student Aid.

Created detailed testing procedures, test matrices and test data by means of analyzing specifications for verifiable requirements

Conducted verification reviews on work products from the requirements and test phases.  These duties are performed in both an IBM mainframe environment and a client-server web environment

Provided customer support for acceptance testing as needed

Reviewed and provided feedback on requirements for software applications 

 

TOOLS UTILIZED:

HP Quality Center 10, 11

HP Application Lifecycle Management 11

QTP

TOAD for Oracle 9.7.2.5

Serena Change Management Version Manager

Soffront TrackWeb

SQL*Plus

PeopleSoft (7.5, 8.0, 8.8, 8.9), Oracle (9i, 10g, 11g)

PeopleSoft Security 

PeopleSoft Query

PeopleTools 8.52

Application Designer

CA Service Desk Manager

IBM Maximo Asset Management

SharePoint

Beyond Compare

UltraEdit Text Editor

TSO

MicroSoft Word

Excel

PowerPoint

Microsoft VISIO

 

EDUCATION:

BA, Elon University

Graduate Certificates, University of Maryland

 

REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST\n
Bryan Na



Experience Summary

Certified PMP, CSM and ITIL Program Manager offering 15 years of professional experience in management, system development and professional services contracting for Federal agencies.  

Extensive depth of experience, directing high-visibility, multi-faceted national contracts with highly developed organizational, planning and management skills.  

Experience with leading diverse teams through full Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) projects and programs.  

Charismatic and engaging leadership style as foundation of proven success in cultivating rapport with Federal agency division management and responsive relationships with service providers and end users. 

Demonstrated ability to work with internal and external clients to provide thought-leadership. 

Excellent written and oral communication skills, along with recognized proficiency in practical application of current technology and new media.

Work Experience:

	

Paradyme Management, Inc. – Greenbelt, MD				          December 2014 – Present

Program Manager

Key Work Experience:

Program Manager leading the API Infrastructure program for the Census Bureau, Department of Commerce.  Tasks include:  

Interface with direct customers and COTR

Manage project teams on tasks and deliverables

Provide inputs for design and architecture towards system environments

Lead the FISMA Security effort for Authority to Operate (ATO) for the infrastructure components

Contribute to the development of the Center of Excellence (COE) for Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) development and implementation.



FEi Systems, Inc. – Columbia, MD					              October 2012 – December 2014

Program Manager

Key Work Experience:

Program Manager leading the leading the National Disaster Medical Systems (NDMS) contract under the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response within the Department of the Health and Human Services.  Provide Project status reports and presentations to the COR and senior leadership at NDMS to include the Director and his direct reports.

NDMS systems include Human Resources and Financial Application, Electronic Medical Record system used during National disaster deployments by medical providers and provide multiple data feeds to data analysis systems and groups.

Partner with the Epidemiologist department to identify and provide necessary data elements needed for data analysis using SAAS for reports and presentations to leadership to include the Secretary of HHS

Created the full program schedule in Microsoft Projects for multiple separate work threads to include Quality Assurance (QA) Plan, Creation of Change Control Board (CCB) and Process, Enterprise Architecture (EA) Consolidation, Production application stabilization and Information Assurance (IA) 

Led the QA team through full analysis of the existing systems, processes and environments.  

Created all missing documentation not provided by the incumbent contractor

Identified system weaknesses and vulnerabilities that needed to be added to the schedule

Identified needed system environments for proper SDLC, to include DEV / TEST / UAT

Created the QA Test plan that included the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) document that is utilized for all testing activities for each iteration of systems

Approved all migrations of system changes for the production system 

 Created the charter for the CCB that was approved by NDMS and COR

Created the underlying business processes necessary to support NDMS in utilizing the CCB effectively

Developed the new EA for the consolidated Application and Database environment.

After analysis, consolidated eight physical server environment into four virtual machine (VM) environment.  

Improved redundancy and provided more computing power

Led the entire team through stabilization of the Production Application suite after identifying the vulnerabilities and system deficiencies.

Identified and notified NDMS leadership that production systems were not fully tested before deployment to the Production Environment

Created missing system documentation for the current production system

Prioritized the needed development efforts to rapidly stabilize the systems

Led the technical team in scheduling and prioritizing the necessary development efforts for the production system

Delivered all necessary Production fixes within six weeks after contract transition, with no documentation or system environments provided by the incumbent contractor

Completed the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) audit and review for all production systems and received the Authority To Operate (ATO) from the HHS Chief Information Security Officer for systems that were already deployed in Production.

Managed a diverse team working in multiple remote locations consisting of developers, QA Analysts, Business Analysts and Help Desk staff

Mentored direct reports on areas of improvement and enhancements of current strong skills



Planned Systems International – Arlington, VA				             March 2011 – June 2012

Program Manager

Key Work Experience:

Program Manager for the Blood Management Blood Bank / Transfusion Services (BMBB/TS).  $15 Million dollar project for the Department of Defense (DoD) to deploy an enterprise blood transfusion system to 62 military facilities.

Strong project leadership managing a multi-million dollar project.

Created project schedule with Microsoft Projects for multiple project tasks with all project dependencies associated to provide the PMO a realistic schedule to meet COR expectations.

Experience with managing sub-contractors and remote workers in coordination with full project team.

Led a team of 25 members that cover the separate work threads to include Enterprise Architecture, Information Assurance, Deployment, Requirements, Testing, Training, SOP creation and System Validation for the project.

Provide program status to the COR from the DoD Program Office on a weekly basis with regards to schedule and review of the Risk Register of issues.

Prepare the Program Office to provide updates to the individual Military Services Blood Programs for project status and milestones.

Perform multiple roles on simultaneous projects and balance all tasks on a timely basis.

Prepare deployment documents, schedule and process to deploy both systems to Military Facilities across the globe

Facilitate meetings with different members of the Program Office to coordinate all tasks necessary to prepare and deploy to each facility



Planned Systems International – Arlington, VA				      October 2009 – March 2011

Deputy Program Manager / Project Manager

Key Work Experience:

Deputy Program Manager for the Corporation for National & Community Service (CNCS) program

Projects included Advanced Technical Development team instrumental in addressing top three system issues identified by the CIO.

Led the team working on critical accounting system used to pay for all volunteer staff associated with the various departments within CNCS.

Led an analysis effort to recommend possible next steps for consolidation of all CNCS Customer Service functions and created a presentation with findings for the CIO

Created the presentation with recommendation for the data analysis tool that would be used within CNCS for reports needed by the White House and Congress for impact of CNCS programs and effectiveness within the U.S.

Interface with Senior Government Leadership, from project managers to the CIO directly to give project status and various analysis projects for the CIO

Produced and presented executive level briefings used throughout CNCS for the CEO, COO and CIO

Strong leadership of staff to complete the top three system issues for the CIO and deliver useable customized applications for the specific Grant business process needs

Led two development and data warehouse teams with 18 team members consisting of functional and technical team members

Led the teams through the software development life cycle (SDLC) to ensure quality development and consistent results that included a master project schedule that consisted of five separate project schedules with all dependencies

Led brainstorming sessions for the development team to find the best approach to the various developmental challenges that arise

Completed and delivered business analysis assessment for the CIO to overhaul and consolidate all customer service teams within CNCS

Led a project team that implemented the data warehouse system to provide reporting and business intelligence capabilities.  Duties included project scheduling, executive briefing with recommendations and market research amongst Commercial-Off-The Shelf (COTS) vendors, to include Oracle OBIEE, MicroStrategy, SAP Business Objects and JasperSoft.

Planned Systems International – Arlington, VA				 June 2008 – September 2009

Project Manager

Key Work Experience:

Clinical Data Mart (CDM) is the data warehouse for the DoD that stores all medical encounter data for the entire US Military population and beneficiaries.  This as the business intelligence analytics platform.

Project Manager for the single sign on authentication system and method for the Clinical Data Mart (CDM) project.  Member of the data warehouse project that included tasks to redesign data model and new data elements to the existing data warehouse.  

Program was divided into several projects to include Data model design, Data migration and transformation and authentication.  

Technologies included Oracle 10g Database, Informatica ETL and Business Objects XI

Created the approved project schedule for the customer

Led all requirements and QA analyst for the Data Warehouse Project.  Responsible for gathering and validation of all functional and technical requirements with the government requirements analyst.  

Project Manager for the Epidemic Outbreak Surveillance Data Repository (EOS-DR)reporting to the Air Force Surgeon General office of Modernization (USAF/SGRM)

Delivered requirements assessments and architectural guidance to the Advanced Diagnostic Laboratory (ADL) Chief Epidemiologist for  the upgrade to the current systems to include the business intelligence application

Led development team to deliver an electronic health record system with real-time capability for database updates to the sample repository and study databases within clinics.



Bearing Point, Inc. – McLean, VA							June 2007 – June 2008

Sr. Systems Engineer

Key Work Experience:

Systems engineer supporting Tricare Military Healthcare System / CITPO Clinical Information Technology Program Office

Advised the client to technology options that could be utilized to improve the different applications examples, include Oracle SOA Suite and Oracle Business Intelligence for their message delivery and reporting solutions.

Lead engineer validating solutions proposed by multiple contractors to the Program Office.  Reviewed all deliverables from the Integration Contractor and provided recommendations to the client for acceptance of rejection of submitted project deliverables.



Bearing Point, Inc. – McLean, VA							June 2004 – June 2007

Sr. Technology Consultant

Key Work Experience:

Member of the Global DBA Team for the Unified Financial Management System  (UFMS) supporting over 30 development Oracle E-Business Suite Instances and their databases

Responsibilities include full life cycle management for the databases and servers utilizing Oracle enterprise Manager, Quest products, Oracle 10g Databases and Sun Solaris Unix

System Administrator for all Quality Assurance tools utilized by the team for project support



Education:

Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in Business and Marketing

University of Maryland, University College 



Certifications & Clearances:

•	DoD Secret Clearance - Active

•	PMP Certified, Program Management Institute, June 2009

•	CSM, November 2014

•	ITIL v3 Certification

Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Bryan Na	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 4 of 5\n
Ravindhar B

Sr. Java Developer - Verizon

Tampa, FL 

9+ years of experience in developing large scale and complex enterprise applications using Object orientedtechnologies.

Experience in designing, developing and deploying client-server, web, and distributed end-to-end enterpriseapplications.

Involved in Full SDLC life cycle such as Requirement gathering, Analysis, Design, Coding, Unit testing andDeployment from SIT, UAT to Production

Good hands-on experience with latest frameworks such as Spring, Struts and have understanding of thenew Struts2 framework.

Highly skilled in J2EE (Spring, Struts, Servlets, JSP, JDBC), XML, XSLT, JAXB, jQuery.

Very Strong skills in developing Web Services using SOAP, JAX-RS, JAX-WS, RESTFul.

Expertise in developing web applications with JSON, JQuery, HTML, Java Script, CSS and AJAX

Developing dynamic web pages using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

Knowledge of JavaScript frameworks like Angular JS.

Developed mockups and prototypes using HTML and CSS.

Highly skilled in Hibernate ORM tools.

Well versed with IDE's such as Eclipse, IntelliJ, My Eclipse and Edit plus.

Experienced in deploying J2EE applications on Tomcat web server and WebSphere, JBoss, Tomcatapplication servers.

Very good understanding of OOPS, RDBMS.

Experienced in deploying applications on Windows and UNIX environments.

Good knowledge of databases with work experience of Oracle, and MySQL.

Experience in writing Junit and Mockito test cases for system testing, Used Log4j for logging.

Hands on experience in using Version Control tool's such as Git, Subversion, SVN and bug-tracking toolslike JIRA.

Worked with Maven and ANT Builder for application building.

Expert in working in Agile environment and Scrum.

Possesses excellent analytical, problem solving, leading and learning skills as well as a keen interest in theemerging technologies.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Java Developer

Verizon - Tampa, FL - October 2016 to Present

Project: RADAR

RADAR stands for "RTCI admin for Decision and rules" and servers as tool for developers to add/modify works flows for Next Best Action, Next Best Offer & Next Best Communication across proactive and reactive channels. It enables business teams to dynamically control decisions and rules across NBA's, NBO's & NBC's in one click and increasing speed to market.

Responsibilities:

Working with Product Managers to get and understand business requirements.

Developing new and enhancing exiting spring batch modules.

Writing Spring Resources, Controllers and Beans developing the Spring Resources, Controllers andServices.

Implementing Data Layer by using Hibernate by writing HQL queries and mappings.

Developed RESTful services with Jersey and deploy them on a Tomcat server.

Developed NBA Prioirty, Inventory modules.

Worked on Oracle 11g and used SQL Developer for writing queries and for PL/SQL.

Writing Junit test cases for testing the Business and the service layer to deliver quality software.

Worked on bug fixing which are raised by QA during testing.

Used eclipse IDE for developing.

Used Git for version control.

Working and developing the project in Agile Methodology by using Version One tool for project managementand to track tasks on daily basis.

Used Jira Tool for bug tracking.

Involved in Production Support and Maintenance.

Build and Deployed applications on Server with Jenkins.

Participated actively in application launch on Certification and Production environment.

Configured and implemented Log4j for logging information.

Conducted newly developed application functionality demos with business and testing groups

Environment: Java 8, J2EE, Spring 3.1, Angular JS, Hibernate 3.5.0, eclipse, SQL Developer, Maven, Git, Oracle 11g, Linux, Jenkins.

Sr. Java Developer

Lake, TX, US - June 2014 to October 2016

Project: SabreSonic Check-In Self Service system

Self-Service is a suite of products that enable airlines to improve the check-in experience for passengers by enhancing the check-in processes with technologies and features that promote customer convenience, control, and security. The Self-Service products include Web Check-In, Kiosk Check-In, Mobile Check-In, and Roving Agent.

Responsibilities:

Implemented using Spring MVC pattern.

Developed UI Pages using AJAX, jQuery, JSON, HTML, and CSS.

Implemented i18n (Internationalization) translating all aspects of the application into different languages.

Implemented Design Patterns such as MVC, Singleton, Value Objects, and DAO

Implemented Servlets Filters for Authenticating the Logged User.

Used TOAD to check and verify all the database turnaround times and also tested the connections forresponse times and query round trip behavior.

Implemented the concepts of JDBC, and JNDI for all database interactions

Involved in developing object oriented JavaScript and experienced with AJAX, JSON, HTML5, and CSS.

Designed User Interface using HTML, CSS, XML, Java Script.

Production support and enhancements for entire system.

Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.

Established pages using CSS to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application andpositioning of screen objects.

Build scripts were written to create a run time environment for ANT.

Used SVN as the version control tool to perform programs Check-out and Check-in from and to the repository.

Wrote JUnit test cases for testing the Business layer and the service layer.

Utilized eclipse IDE development of the project.

Used JIRA for support cases and bug-reporting.

Followed Agile approach for the development process.

Preparation of Software Requirement Specifications (SRS), Software Design Documents (SDD)Environment: Java EE, Java 1.5, Spring 3.0, XML, DB2, Eclipse, Tomcat 5.5, SVN, Windows 2000/XP.

Sr. Java Developer

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney - Jersey City, NJ - November 2012 to May 2014

Project: WebNAS-MWB (Web New Application System)

WebNAS is a web based system utilized for creating and modifying retail Smith Barney brokerage accounts.

WebNAS provides the support to the following Smith Barney Account Services business process:

Account Opening:

WebNAS Account Opening flow allows creating new accounts and submitting them for approval.

Account Maintenance:

Account Maintenance flow allows the modifications to the accounts that have been submitted for approval.

Account Servicing:

WebNAS is integrated with Smith Barney's Account Servicing Portal.

Responsibilities:

Implemented Spring framework modules like IOC, MVC, AOP, ORM, and DAO for application design anddevelopment.

Extensively written CORE JAVA code in application

Developed Java, JSP, AJAX, Java Script, HTML, and CSS for UI & business logic.

Implemented Validator framework to implement Client side and server side for Validations.

Used O/R mapping tool Hibernate for persistence data.

Developed and flexible, scalable, utilizing open source technologies like Hibernate ORM and SpringFramework.

Implemented the entire service layer of the application writing WSDL, XSLT, XML, and XSL for transformingXML to OFSML, Web Services adhering to SOA Framework.

Wrote the Hibernate-mapping XML files to define java classes-database tables mapping.

Used TOAD to check and verify all the database turnaround times and also tested the connections forresponse times and query round trip behavior.

Used JSP Tag Libraries (JSTL) to implement the logic inside the JSPs.

Involved in Coding JavaScript code for UI validation and worked on Struts validator frame works.

Developed and Deployed Web Services implementing Http methods like put, get, post, and delete in WebSphere.

Implemented i18n (Internationalization) translating all aspects of the application into different languages.

Used Hibernate Template for various database update, insert, delete operations and for invoking functions,stored procedures, triggers.

Created Database tables and schema in Oracle10g based on data flow requirements.

Environment: Java 1.5, J2EE, JSP, Struts 1.2, MVC, Hibernate 2.0, JNDI, JavaScript, DOJO, XSLT, DTD, SAX, DOM, XML, JavaScript, AJAX, ANT, RAD, HTML, Oracle 10g, WebSphere.

Sr. Java Developer

First National Bank - Plano, TX - August 2010 to September 2012

Project: Income Plan Tool

Income Planning Tool is the Intelligent Income Solution introduced by the Retirement Solutions Group. Intelligent Income will be a "financial analysis" that will illustrate to the client where their income will come from in retirement and how their portfolio should be constructed. The Intelligent Income solution is a time segmented allocation model that spreads a client's asset allocation across multiple segments with each designated to produce income over a certain time period.

Responsibilities:

Implemented models for Retirement Calculator module.

Developed Dynamic Content Management for Presentation Layer.

Developed JSP Pages for content presentation.

Designed & developed web pages using HTML, Java and Implemented JDBC for database connection.

Created stored procedures and triggers to accomplish the business rules.

Responsible for overseeing the Quality procedures related to the project.

Responsible for Code Reviews, Bug fixing.

Developed the presentation Tier using JSP, XML, HTML and JavaScript.

Involved in developing front end screens using JSP, DHTML, HTML, CSS, AJAX, DOJO and JavaScript.

Involved in Unit testing and Integration testing.

Integrate the file from the repository.

Make an Enterprise Archive (EAR)

Put it in FTP and place the same EAR into QA server for testing.

Environment: Java 1.5, J2EE, Servlets 2.3, JSP 2.1, JAVA Mail, JNDI, HTML, Tomcat 5.0, Eclipse, Oracle 8i, Windows 2000/XP.

Java Developer

Sri Tech Solutions - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN - August 2008 to August 2010

Project: Hong Leong Yamaha

HONG LEONG YAMAHA is the Project for the Yamaha, Malaysia. HL Yamaha consists of the Dealer Relationship Management (DRM) and shopping cart. DRM consists of Purchase Order creations of Motor Cycles, Spare parts by Buyers, Dealers and POs can be seen by Sellers or company admin to accept or reject the PO. Invoices creation is automated. DRM consists of Dealer Maintenance, Member Maintenance, and Catalog Maintenance etc. DRM has dynamic layout depends upon logon. I developed programs to Member Maintenance, Dealer Maintenance and Catalog Maintenance. For Buyer, creating Purchase Orders (PO) with help of catalog and for sellers to recommend or reject the PO. Administrator has almost all rights create catalogs, members, dealers etc.

Responsibilities:

Implemented model for DRM.

Developed Dynamic Content Management for Presentation Layer.

Designed & developed web pages using JSP, Java and Implemented JDBC for database connection.

Responsible for overseeing the Quality procedures related to the project.

Responsible for Code Reviews, Bug fixing.

Developed UI using HTML, JavaScript, JSP, and developed Business Logic and Interfacing componentsusing XML, and JDBC.

Involved in design of JSP's and Servlets for navigation among the modules.

Designed cascading style sheets and XSLT and XML part of Order entry.

Managed connectivity using JDBC for querying/inserting & data management including triggers and storedprocedures.

Involved in Unit testing and Integration testing.

Integrate the file from the repository.

Environment: Java 1.4, J2EE, Servlets 2.3, JSP 2.1, HTML, Tomcat 5.0, Eclipse, Oracle 8i, Windows 2000/XP.

SKILLS

eclipse (6 years), HTML (8 years), JavaScript (8 years), Tomcat (7 years), XML (8 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Application Frameworks: Spring, Struts

ORM Frameworks: Hibernate, iBatis

Web Services: Restful, SOAP, WSDL

RDBMS: Oracle, MySQL

J2EE: Servlets, JDBC, JNDI and Web Services

Languages: J2SE, SQL, PL/SQL

Web development: JSP, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, XML

Middleware: JavaBeans, EJB

Ides': Intellij, Eclipse

Application Servers: WebLogic, WebSphere

Web Server: Apache Tomcat Version Control: Subversion, SVN and Git Tools: Maven, Apache Ant, and Log4j.

Operating Systems: UNIX, Windows.\n
Alexander Krasikov

Boston, MA 02118

Mobile: (857) 251-9254

Email: alexkrasikoff@gmail.com 

LinkedIn:  www.linkedin.com/in/alexanderkrasikov



SOFTWARE QA TESTER



SUMMARY:

	•	3+ years of hands-on experience testing Web and Mobile-based applications in Agile environment

	•	Good understanding of Software Development Life Cycle and Software Testing Methodology

	•	Writing test documentation such as test plans, test cases, test matrices, check lists

	•	Write easy-to-reproduce bug reports and verify them fixed in new releases

	•	Experience working with Salesforce 

	•	Perform Exploratory, Functional, Regression, GUI, Boundary, etc. testing

	•	Excellent analytical, communication and problem-solving skills

	•	Languages: English, Russian, Spanish, Portuguese

	•	US Green Card holder



TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

Platforms: 	             Windows 10/8/7, Mac OS X

Mobile platforms: 	Android OS, iOS, Windows Phone

Bug Tracking: 		JIRA, Bugzilla, Mantis

Browsers:		Chrome, Firefox, MSIE, Safari, Opera

Other:			Salesforce, MS Office, Firebug



WORK EXPERIENCE:

11/16-01/17    Senior QA Tester, Eliza Corporation, Danvers, MA

Project: Bilingual healthcare multichannel solutions, programs and outreaches:

	•	Document testing procedures and tools

	•	Troubleshoot any testing issues through black box testing methodology

	•	Collaborate with developers and program managers on test strategies and plans

	•	Test new tools to be released within the Solutions Operations department

	•	Report and track discovered bugs/open tickets in JIRA

	•	Track/monitor workflow and specification documents in Salesforce

	•	Write and execute test cases for features, dynamic fields and values of an application

	•	Implement solution, program and outreach tests including phone channel testing for branching logic,

prompt accuracy and quality through call simulation using Eliza’s tools and business rules

	•	Test proper rendering and content for Email and SMS outreaches, ensuring the correct program rules

are in place based on the intent of the solution and/or program

	•	Script, Email and SMS content proofing to ensure the logic and all dynamic fields and values are synchronized and stated properly on specification documents at the time of content completion and approval





10/13-10/16   Software QA Tester, ValleyTek Solutions, San Jose, CA

Project: Marketing’s professional network, functioning as a social network web-based application:

	•	Test the Social network application, web and mobile versions

	•	Identify functional modules for testing, study the internal structure and logics of the system

	•	Write and execute test cases and test scenarios for various functionalities of the application

	•	Execute cross-browser testing on Chrome, Firefox, MSIE in Windows 10/8/7 and Safari/Mac

	•	Participate in software walkthrough with QA Lead and software developers

	•	Perform functional, GUI, usability, testing on iOS, Android device

	•	Test the integration with other social media tools: LinkedIn, Facebook, etc.

	•	Implement regression testing as defined by the Project testing activities for new releases

	•	Utilize Bugzilla, bug-tracking system to submit bug reports and monitor their improvement status

	•	Attend regular QA meetings discussing the findings, bug fixes, latest builds, and other issues



Project: Native mobile application developed to create and manage Friend Events including Ridesharing and Social communication features:

	•	Create, execute test cases for the app components providing a documentary evidence of what is tested

	•	Perform Functional testing to ensure that all application features function as specified

	•	Implement Integration testing to test individual software modules as a group and to ensure they conform their written specifications

	•	Perform Usability testing to determine how convenient and easy to use the app to an end user

	•	Conducting regression testing of new releases

	•	Find and report issues to Bugzilla bug reporting system. Perform fix verification testing.

	•	Use different mobile devices, Android Virtual Device to perform compatibility testing 

	•	Attend project team meetings to stay updated on the bug review, discuss the assignments, etc.



2011-2012	Warehouse Manager, Casa Design, Boston, MA

	•	Received and released goods

	•	Tracked and kept documentation in order

	•	Checked the condition of arriving goods

	•	Answered phone calls and emails



2009-2011	Manager, Seven Moving Company, Brookline, MA 

	•	Scheduled jobs

	•	Answered phone calls and emails

	•	Determined prices and discount rates

	•	Solved customer complaints regarding service



EDUCATION:

2013		Software Quality Assurance, Portnov Computer School, Los Altos, CA

2012		Customer Service, Computer System Institute, Charlestown, MA

2009		BS in Economics, State University, Volgograd, Russia



REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST\n
Joy Muehlenbein

Costa Mesa, CA  92627

(858) 405-7185

jmuehlenbein@gmail.com

Profile

Well-rounded, highly analytical technology professional with over 12 years of SharePoint systems engineering and administration experience, along with an even longer track record of consistently delivering projects on time and with results that exceed expectations.

Self-directed, trustworthy producer possessing soft skills rarely found in the technical arena.

	Life-long learner with an unwavering drive toward continuous improvement and a penchant for finding creative ways to do more, better, faster. 

Able to quickly grasp complex or abstract information and concisely translate relevant concepts to any given audience.

	Adept at prioritizing tasks and juggling projects within the context of the "big picture” while maintaining extraordinary attention to detail.

Ardent advocate of the end user with an exceptional understanding of usability issues and a passion for using technology to best advantage.

Graduated Summa Cum Laude with University Honors and a 4.0/4.0 GPA.

Objective

Obtain a challenging full-time, permanent or long-term contract position within a progressive organization that values open communication, creativity, and diversity of input in setting and achieving goals. 

Ideal position will allow me to collaborate with smart people who share my dedication to excellence and to make a real impact!

Professional Experience

SharePoint Systems Administrator, Sr. Staff; Qualcomm; San Diego, CA; May 2017

Review SharePoint operations practices, identify areas for improvement, and recommend tools and procedural changes to address them.

Propose architecture and installation approach for new SharePoint 2016 implementation.

Work with multi-national team to provide daily operational support for several SharePoint 2013 environments used by 30K+ internal and external users.



SharePoint Systems Consultant, Pacific Life, Newport Beach, CA; August 2013 - April 2017

Team lead responsible for architecting and maintaining scalable, performant SharePoint infrastructures, managing day-to-day operations, providing tier-three support, and training, mentoring, and motivating junior staff.

Successfully plan and implement upgrades and migrations involving SharePoint 2007, 2010, 2013, SharePoint Online, and on-premises/Office 365 hybrid.

Play a key role in setting the direction for maximizing the use of SharePoint and related technologies in pursuit of achieving company goals.

Meticulously document system builds, deployments, configuration changes, known issues and operational policies and procedures, as well as developing end-user training and support materials.

Recipient of an array of employee awards recognizing outstanding contributions.

Evaluate and advise on third-party SharePoint tools and solutions.

SharePoint Administrator/Technical Lead; Toyota Financial Services; Torrance, CA; June 2012 - June 2013 (contract via Sharp Decisions).

Advise on SharePoint 2013 infrastructure architecture and upgrade planning for ~10K users.

Build out SharePoint 2013 lab infrastructure in preparation for upgrade from SharePoint 2010.

Build, configure and manage infrastructure and code promotion for several 2- and 3-tier SharePoint 2010 pre-production environments to support projects destined for Office 365/SharePoint Online. 

Develop and document operations practice guidelines and oversee implementation.

Provide tier-three SharePoint support and troubleshooting.

Serve as subject matter expert and governance advocate for a number of large-scale projects. 

SharePoint Administrator; SAIC; San Diego, CA; February 2012 - June 2012 (contract via TekSystems).

Troubleshoot and resolve complex post-upgrade SharePoint/Project Server 2010 system and user issues in a large-scale, 3-tier farm with 20K+ users. 

Consult on using SharePoint “no-code” functionality to solve business problems.

SharePoint Project Lead/Systems Analyst; San Diego Unified School District; San Diego, CA; September 2002 - February 2012.

SharePoint Analyst and Administrator responsible for complete SDLC of multiple 2- and 3-tier 2003, 2007 and 2010 server farms in a large organization (62K+ user profiles).

Provide leadership in setting direction of district use of SharePoint and other web technologies.

Determine user requirements and map to SharePoint features and capabilities (e.g., content types, custom lists, libraries, workflows, forms, surveys, etc.) 

Manage consultants and vendors as required to develop complex solutions.

Experience upgrading SPS 2003 to MOSS/SharePoint 2007 and MOSS/SharePoint 2007 to SharePoint 2010--both in-place and side-by-side.

Manage security through SharePoint groups and Active Directory.

Deploy Solutions, configure services, tune and patch servers, etc.

Troubleshoot and resolve system and user issues. 

Basic SharePoint branding and interface design, Business Connectivity Services, Enterprise Search and User Profile Service configuration.

Web Developer/Project Manager; Designed Internet Solutions; Chula Vista, CA; August 2001 - May 2002. 

Oversee implementation of web projects to ensure client satisfaction and contractual compliance within budgetary constraints.

Create database-driven sites, each with its own content management system, by integrating design elements into stock code customized with ASP, CFML, SQL, JavaScript, CSS, and HTML. 

Significantly reduced production time, increased site functionality and ease-of-use by improving component-based stock code.

Web/Marketing Consultant; Novel Products, Inc.; Rockton, IL; 1994- March 2002. 

Primary consultant for marketing projects, including online and print media.

Oversee information architecture, design, development, maintenance, administration and promotion of company website.

Web Administrator; Accredited Home Lenders; San Diego, CA; 1999-July, 2001.

Primary consultant for all internet-related projects, issues and inquiries.

Project leader for wholesale, retail, corporate and Spanish-language web initiatives.

Responsible for information architecture, design, development, maintenance, administration and promotion of websites.

Design or edit graphics and advise on graphic requirements for production of print and electronic collateral materials.

Communications Specialist; Textron Fastening Systems; Rockford, IL; 1995-98.

Responsible for writing content and creating design, layout and illustrations for various media, including web, print, video and multimedia.

Responsible for all aspects of video planning and production, including meeting with stakeholders, concept development, budgeting, scripting, hiring talent, directing, shooting, voice-over narration, editing/ post-production and overseeing outside service agencies when necessary.

Designed interactive, multimedia presentations for sales, employee training and corporate promotion. 

Assisted with planning and implementation of corporate website.

Coordinated company involvement with local elementary school by promoting programs, recruiting volunteers, soliciting donations and scheduling tutoring sessions.

Initiated and played a key role in the implementation of a company-wide recycling program resulting in significant cost savings.

Demonstrated Skills

Technology

Microsoft Windows Server 2000, NT, 2003, 2008 R2, 2012, 2012 R2; working knowledge of 2016

SharePoint: Server 2003/WSS 2.0, MOSS 2007/WSS 3.0, 2010/Foundation, SharePoint 2013, SharePoint 2016, SharePoint Online (global administrator)

Troubleshooting and monitoring: Systems Center Operations Manager (SCOM), ULS Viewer, Fiddler, Wireshark, Developer Dashboard, PAL, Process Monitor, SPDocKit, ControlPoint, SysInternals utilities, 

SharePoint-related: Office 365, PowerShell/PowerShell ISE/PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSE), Internet Information Services (IIS), Domain Name System and Servers (DNS), Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates, Active Directory (AD), Office Web Apps (OWA), Office Apps Online, Project Server/PWA, Kerberos

Virtualization: Hyper-V, vSphere/VMware,

Web editors: SharePoint Designer, Dreamweaver, Visual Studio 

Web basics: HTML, JavaScript, CSS, XML

Development: working knowledge of SharePoint object model, ASP/.net, C#, VBScript/.net, JavaScript, SharePoint Designer, InfoPath, Visual Studio.

Database: SQL Server, SQL Server Management Studio (e.g., tuning for SharePoint, query, backup/restore, stored procedures, clustering, relational database modeling concepts, etc.), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Access 

Business: Microsoft Office, Office 365, Project, Visio, Acrobat Pro 

Graphics/Multimedia: Photoshop, Illustrator, Pagemaker, Acrobat, PowerPoint, Visio, SnagIt, Premiere

Systems Operations and Analysis 

Identify, analyze, evaluate and recommend technologies, systems and products that streamline operations and improve communication.

Elicit stakeholder needs and concerns, translate vague ideas into shared long-term goals and provide common direction through effective communication of vision.

Compile and analyze user needs to determine scope of business and functional requirements.

Carry out usability testing and gather feedback from end users to determine effectiveness of implemented solutions.

Educate users about system capabilities and limitations.

Serve as an advocate for end users, integrating principals of web usability and accessibility into systems.

Interaction Design and Information Architecture

Oversee all aspects of project planning and implementation, including requirements gathering, goal setting, audience definition, development of use cases, taxonomy, navigational structure, visual design, and user adoption planning.

Develop and implement high-level organizational strategies for presenting information in a structured, user-friendly manner that enforces consistency of style and overall site integrity.

Create proposals and reports, along with supporting visual aids, such as wireframes, mockups and diagrams to communicate organizational vision for web initiatives.

Adapt content from other media for delivery via the web.

Synthesize complex information from a variety of sources for presentation in a clear, concise form appropriate to the intended audience.

Project Management

Familiar with agile methodologies and experienced with all aspects of IT project management: project analysis, design, time and cost estimation, QC and QA, development, transition to support and training, support and decommissioning.

Interact with vendors (e.g., ISPs, designers, developers, etc.) to gather information, communicate goals, negotiate pricing, delegate tasks and follow-up to ensure completion.

Education

Bachelor of Science, 1993, Northern Illinois University

Graduated Summa Cum Laude with University Honors and 4.0/4.0 GPA.

Major: Family and Child Studies.

Minors: Communication Studies, Psychology and Sociology.

Awards & Honors

Northern Illinois University Alumni Association Scholarship, 1993.

Student Leadership Award, 1993.

Golden Key National Honor Society Junior Scholarship, 1992.

Psi Chi (National Honors in Psychology): Co-president, 1992-93.

Alpha Kappa Delta (International Sociology Honor Society).

Phi Kappa Phi (Senior Honor Society).

Work Status

U.S. Citizen, authorized to work in this country for any employer. 

Muehlenbein - Page 2 of 4\n
Alanna Covington

ealanna@paradymemanagement.com

202.640.1276



Core Competencies:



Accounts payable/receivable management

Project financial tracking and reporting





Work Experience:



Paradyme Management, Inc.							              August 2008 - Present

Program Administrator							                   April 2010 - Present	

	

	Key Work Experience:

Oversaw and administered financial aspects of $6.5M in project initiatives.  Duties included creating, submitting and tracking status of invoices for 14 state government information technology (IT) projects and three federal government projects.  

Managed financial databases within accounts receivable and accounts payable. Accounts receivable duties include invoicing services, recording pertinent data, submitting invoices via email and online invoicing systems, following up with client and collecting payment. Accounts payable duties include tracking vendor invoices and payments, as well as coordinating payment with clients and contractors. 

Lead administrative contact for external network of contactors, businesses and government entities. 

Tracked project burn rate and analyzed budget projections versus actual expenditures. 

Created and analyzed financial reports, e.g. cash flow reports, quarterly and yearly projections.

Assisted in gathering information for and writing resource/project proposals.

Managed HR functions such as employee and contractor time-tracking, accruals, expenses, onboarding and terminations. Gathered requirements of changing company HR needs; lead and oversaw time-tracking system transitions.

Coordinated internal recruiting program. Duties included conducting outreach initiatives, managing team deadlines, and maintaining candidate databases.



Project Administrator							                          August 2008 - April 2010

Managed accounts receivable and accounts payable. Accounts receivable duties included invoicing services, recording pertinent data, submitting invoices via email and online invoicing systems, following up with client and collecting payment. Accounts payable duties include tracking vendor invoices and payments, as well as coordinating payment with clients and contractors









Construction Manager							         May 2006 – August 2006

Project Lead

Managed structural and cosmetic rehabilitation of a single-family dwelling. Duties included management of project budget, resource scheduling, and oversight of subcontractors and a team of four workers for the duration of the summer. Made regular progress-status reports to investor/owner.







Claymont Society								     	Summer 2004, 2005        

Intern/Seminar Aid

Supported logistic and organizational operations of seminar program.  Duties included assisting planning and implementation for a wide array of seminars.



Education:

American University, Washington, DC, In Progress

Master’s Program, Psychology



Georgetown University, Washington, DC, 2009

Bachelor of Arts in Psychology, Bachelor of Arts in French

Skills:

																Languages				French, Spanish (functional)	

Computer skills	MS Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint), MS Visio, Peoplefluent, Concur, SUS, TimeStar, SPSS, Online academic research databases



Paradyme Management Inc.	            9111 Edmonston Rd Greenbelt, MD 20770	202-640-1276



Paradyme Management Inc.	            9111 Edmonston Rd Greenbelt, MD 20770	202-640-1276\n
TANVI SHAH

              8125, 48th Ave, Apt #221, College Park, MD;   224-805-9275;   tanvi.shah@rhsmith.umd.edu;   https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanvishah2015

EDUCATION

	Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD  		                                                          December 2016

Master of Science, Focus Area: Information Systems         GPA: 3.45

Business Process Analysis for Information Systems, Project Management, Management Information Systems, Database Management Systems, Managing Digital Business Markets, Strategic and Transformational IT, Big Data, Data Models and Decision Making, Decision Analytics, Data Mining and Predictive Analysis.

Vice President of Career Development : ASCEND – NAAMBA (University of Maryland Chapter)

Student Ambassador : Smith Master Student Association (SMSA)



K.J. Somaiya College of Engineering (KJSCE), Mumbai University, Mumbai, India       		                                                                2009-2013

Bachelor of Engineering, Major: Computer Science

Treasurer : Students’ Council, KJSCE



SOFTWARE SKILLS

Language skills: Microsoft SQL, R, C++, Java. Word PowerPoint

Database and Tools: Excel, Big Data, Visio, MS Project, Tableau, TIBCO BusinessWorks, CA Clarity Project Portfolio Management, SharePoint, TIBCO Jaspersoft.

Interests: Data Mining, Requirement Analysis, Project Management, Google Analytics, Business Analysis, Agile Methodology, Data modelling, Consultant, Strategy development, Data Visualization.



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Avis Budget Group, Parsippany, New Jersey, USA                                                                                                                                                              2016

IT Project Management Intern

Learned and contributed to CA Project /Portfolio Management tool Resource Management Implementation, Project Management Training, and Reporting. Worked on the technical and functional aspects of CA Clarity.

Function as a Clarity Administrator to modify files on server and XOG in portlets, processes and setup automated jobs that affect all projects in the IT department reducing the effort by 40%.

Assisted with design and Development technical, test plans, and end user training documents.

Interacted with Project Managers and Vice Presidents within Avis Budget Group and functioned as a Project Management Organization Analyst; Contributed to Project Administration Activities.

Maintained SharePoint team collaboration workspace. Created and edited documentation libraries and team sites to reduce errors by 30%.

Learned and performed SharePoint Workflow development, and SharePoint development to create new sites.

Responsible for creating the agenda and preparing for executive meetings. Distributed mass communications among the global members of the company. Participated in IT status meetings, publish meeting minutes and track action items. 

Attended trainings for TIBCO Jaspersoft and Project Portfolio Management to help in creating high-level status reports for the senior management, helping them identify the health of the Project based on CPI and SPI and various metrics.



Accenture Services Private Limited, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India                                   	                                                                                    2013-2015

Associate Software Engineer

Pioneered agile development approach as a TIBCO BusinessWorks developer to build three services: credit check, cell phone number allocation, cell phone plans and contracts.

Analysed and debugged high priority TIBCO defects in multiple testing environments as part of two members defect fix team thereby revamped quality of code by 40%.

Finished Accenture Retail Industry Generalist Certification to grasp Retail Industry and understand client better, boosting throughput by 20%.

Co-ordinated with DevOps team, Java builds team and test team to make improvements in code reducing defect rate by 20%.

Designed two API documents and made changes in the Software Design Description documents as guided by onshore team and client.

Reported improvements and gaps in software leading to development of new workflows in existing code.



 RELEVANT PROJECTS

 

 Improvement/Enhancement of a website using Agile (Scrum) methodology:  Product Owner

As part of the Business Process Analysis course worked for an external client (Doctor’s Community Hospital) using the SCRUM methodology to improve the website for a healthcare program.

Worked with the client to gather requirements, understand the intended functionality, co-ordinate with the Scrum team and scrum master, improve the business value of the product, prioritize user stories on the product backlog, backlog grooming for sprints , Requirement clarification , participated in sprint planning meetings , sprint reviews with the stakeholders and sprint retrospective meetings.



 Database Management Systems: Bio-medical Waste Management System

The focus was to develop a centralized biomedical waste management system where the administrator of the generator can log in and track the bio-waste from the point of generation up to disposal. 

The complete database and a mobile application were created on Salesforce platform for the project.



 Analysing CDC Death Records datasets using Big Data technologies

The project involves analysis and visualization of dataset containing the Death records in the USA for the year 2014 released by CDC using following technologies: Hive, PIG, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Spark, and Tableau.



 Data Mining and Predictive Analytics - Yummly Kaggle Dataset

Handled huge volumes of classic text mining data comprising 1900+ ingredients, 30,000+ dishes to predict type of cuisine. 

Performed Logistic regression, Classification trees, Random Forest, SVM , Neural Networks, KNN to determine accuracies of predictions.


 Firm Analysis for Mapbox

Analysed business strategy of Mapbox and identified core competencies by performing evaluating against Porter's five force model.

Performed market research, data analysis, product recommendations to identify competitor strategies and analysed target audience's needs.\n
Martin Yau					 				        11712 Castlewood Ct. Potomac, MD, 20854

           martinyau123@gmail.com Cell Phone: 240-380-4956

EDUCATION

A James Clark School of Engineering, University of Maryland College Park 			         Expected May 2020 

B.S Electrical Engineering

GPA: 3.78									

Previous: Winston Churchill High School 									   Graduated 2016

GPA: 4.7 (Weighted) 3.91 (Unweighted)

SAT: 2230 Writing (800) Reading (690) Math (740)

SKILLS

		C, C++, Java, HTML, Python, UNIX

		Eclipse, Autodesk Inventor, MatLab, CLion, Sublime Text, Visual Studio, Arduino, Microsoft Office (Powerpoint, Excel, Word)

RESARCH AND WORK EXPERIENCE

	IT Technician, Office of Academic Computing Services (UMD)					    February 2017 – present

			Provided classroom support and IT services for faculty and students on campus to resolve hardware and software issues such as network registration, remote access, and repairing computers. 

	Research Assistant, Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences (UMD)	  				   September 2016 -present

			Configured and constructed circuit boards with Python to serve as low-cost high density smart sensors for analysis of weather and greenhouse patterns in an urban environment.

			Attended weekly meetings to collaborate with group on development of sensors, experimentation of sensors, and analysis of data.

	Research Intern, Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, FDA (Mentor: Dr. Sreenivas Gannavaram) June 2015- August 2015

			Extracted macrophage from bone marrow of mice and independently performed experiments.

			Used software to analyze and evaluate effect of treatment on leishmaniasis on cells in mice kidneys and presented data.

		Student Spaceflight Experiments Program Mission 11 Participant				                  September 2016-present

			Collaborated with team to research and write an experiment proposal to test the effect of microgravity on bacteriophage replication and infection through weekly meetings.

HONORS AND AWARDS

University of Maryland Honors College: University Honors					                     August 2016 – present

Dean’s List												             Fall 2016

Dean’s Scholarship											             Fall 2016

Certificate of Meritorious Service Award								                       Spring 2016

AP Scholar With Distinction Award 									             Fall 2015

	All County Junior/Senior Honors Band (Clarinet)	                                                                                                   August 2012-2014

EXTRACURICCULAR ACTIVITIES

	Engineers Without Borders Member								   September 2016- present

	Assisted in design and modeling of structural components for bridge construction in Peru using Autodesk Inventor.

	Researched and calculated electrical components and requirements for constructing a water pump for a school in Ghana.

			Solar Decathlon Member									  September 2016 - present

	Assisted in construction of PV arrays, inverters, and monitoring equipment for experimentation.

	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Member					               September 2016 – present

	Cabin John Middle School Tutor								                   August 2013-May 2016

    -  Individually tutored five middle school students weekly in the subjects of math and science.

Founder and President of the Make a Wish Foundation Club				                                 August 2015-May 2016

	Presided over weekly club meetings, organized fundraisers, and delegated duties to officers.

High School Affairs Regional Director for Student Member of the Board Advisory Committee                    August 2015 – May 2016

	Presided over monthly meetings and assisted in implementation to facilitate access to wireless internet and healthier meals in schools by counseling student executive.

Winston Churchill High School Ambassador							   August 2014- May 2016

	Supported the integration of freshmen into high school by serving as a mentor to two students throughout their first year. 

	Homeless Opportunities Commission Tutor (Waverly House)			 	             August 2013 – March 2016

		Assisted elderly individuals on computer use, resolving technical issues, and individually tutored seniors weekly.

				     Page 2 of 2\n
Debra Graham





Work Experience:



United States Census Bureau, Suitland, MD					    	      June 2010 – Present

Technical Writer (Contract Agency:  Erimax, Inc.)

Key Work Experience:

Currently member of a pilot Agile Development team; creating SDLC documentation, providing GUI feedback, and creating online help.

Led initiative to develop Java coding standards for two internal groups of developers.

Led initiative to develop Java, HTML, and XHTML code commenting standards for two internal groups of developers.

Wrote, edited, and revised a variety of SDLC documentation for various applications, including high-level design, requirements, system engineering, test plan, and solution architecture documents.

Worked on variety of documentation for database applications, including design, requirement, and specification documents, test plans, database refresh and promotion processes, and a semantic data dictionary.

Wrote and edited Interface Control documents for interface between applications and databases.

Wrote user manual for iCADE Reports system.

Provided feedback on user interface for newly developed system.

Developed and edited training presentations.

Imported database schemas into Enterprise Architect and created ER diagrams.

Edited data dictionaries.

Assisted in developing and implementing naming conventions for Oracle database constraints.

Contributed to and edited report evaluating results of Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) pilot project.

Created template for use cases and contributed content to use cases.

Drafted user interface standards for division-wide use.

Drafted several internal proposals advocating adoption of new technologies.

Pioneered use of Google Docs as collaboration tool within division.

Researched a variety of assigned topics.



CACI International							                       February 2009 – April 2010

Lead Technical Writer

Key Work Experience:

Created modular online help systems for two related software applications:  WordSlayer, a tool integrating audio playback and word processing for the transcription of audio data by the intelligence community, and ScribeZone, a language training tool based on transcription of audio data.

Developed structure of online help system and wrote all online help topic content from scratch.

Reused help topic content using single-sourcing features of DocToHelp.

Developed standards and templates for online help pages.

Created illustrations for online help.

Tested documentation developed against application.

Worked with developers to improve user interface.

Wrote in a style and tone appropriate for non-native speakers of English and non-technical users.



CACI International						              	        	       March 2008 – January 2009

Senior Technical Writer

Key Work Experience:

Worked on documentation for two web-based grants management applications (IDIS and DRGR) for the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).

Edited and wrote a variety of SDLC documents for IDIS; documents included project plan, project scope, project management plan, communication management plan, data management plan, configuration management plan, test plan, and quality assurance plan.

Inventoried and analyzed existing online help for IDIS; inventoried and analyzed mainframe documentation for reuse in online help.

Created user guide for portion of the DRGR system.

Structured and formatted documents according to HUD standards.

Coordinated development of software design documents at the Library of Congress for an authoring and publishing system.



Freddie Mac					  			    	    August 2007 – February 2008

Technical Writer (Contract Agency: Sapphire Technologies)

Key Work Experience:

Created a user guide for a mortgage pricing management application that was being migrated from mainframe to web.

Developed outline for user guide; wrote content based on requirements extracted from DOORS and by actual use of application.

Developed page layout standards.

Performed desk-top publishing.



Marriott International								    May 2007 – July 2007

Technical Writer (Contract Agency:  MetaMedia Training International)

Key Work Experience:

Created and edited job aids for PeopleSoft 8.9 Budget and Finance and SuccessFactors Employee Performance Management modules.



United States Supreme Court, Washington, DC				     September 2006 – May 2007

Technical Writer (Contract Agency:  Lockheed Martin)

Key Work Experience:

Wrote technology lab user guide and lab request quick reference guide for technology lab build-out project.

Edited lab infrastructure and design documents, lab business function definitions, and lab usage guidelines.







Fannie Mae, Washington, DC						       	         June 2005 – August 2006

Technical Writer (Contract Agency:  TEKsystems)

Key Work Experience:

Edited and wrote a variety of documents for a financial data warehouse; documents included technical architecture plan, process narratives, cross-functional process flow diagrams, system development life cycle model, data management plan, and service level agreement.

Used Visio to create graphics and flow diagrams.



National Public Radio, Washington, DC					             March 2005 – May 2005

Technical Writer (Contract Agency:  TEKsystems)

Key Work Experience:

Wrote online help for NPR ContentDepot website (http://www.prss.org/contentdepot), which allows subscribing stations to upload and download radio programs via the Internet.

Developed content from use cases and wireframes.

Wrote in style and tone appropriate for station personnel.  Ensured consistency of language throughout help.



Management Technologies Inc.					            December 2004 – February 2005

Technical Writer

Key Work Experience:

Created documentation for software developed for the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).



Ernst & Young			  				         December 1998 – November 2004

Technical Writer (Contract Agency:  Spherion)

Key Work Experience:

Developed print and online documentation for complex, proprietary financial desktop and web-based applications.

Created brochures, job aids, and supplementary documentation for third-party software (Lotus Notes and Microsoft Office) adapted for Ernst & Young.

Created basic web pages using HomeSite and FrontPage; edited content and HTML of other internal websites.

Created Flash presentations promoting new services and applications.

Contributed to establishing department style guides and document templates.

Performed desk-top publishing.



United States Census Bureau, Suitland, MD			              	              October 1998 – December 1998

Technical Writer (Contract Agency:  Spherion)

Key Work Experience:

Developed online help content for thematic and reference map pages for the original US Census Bureau American FactFinder website (http://factfinder.census.gov/), which allowed users to access Census Bureau data via the Internet.

Wrote content at level appropriate to audience with 8th grade reading level and in a style and tone appropriate for diverse, non-technical audience.



AT&T, Herndon, VA							            	         January 1998 – July 1998

Technical Writer (Contract Agency:  Datanomics)

Key Work Experience:

Edited and formatted user guides, requirement analyses, CASE diagrams, and architectural descriptions of telecommunication systems.

Developed technical diagrams using Visio.

Used FrontPage to convert Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio documents to HTML for publishing on intranet pages.



AEC Software							             	             September 1996 - October 1997

Documentation Manager

Key Work Experience:

Restructured and rewrote user guide for a popular Windows and Macintosh project scheduling product.  Took existing system-oriented user guide and delivered a user-focused, task-based guide.

Created online help for Windows and Macintosh platforms.

Used FrameMaker to create user guide; created online help using RoboHelp; converted it to QuickHelp for Macintosh platform.

Wrote installation guides.

Co-authored and edited product reviewer's guide and other marketing collateral.

Contracted for printing services.

Revised company style guide.

Wrote in style and tone appropriate for diverse, non-technical audience.



Freelance Writer/Editor, Washington, DC					January 1993 - September 1996

Key Work Experience:

Worked in freelance capacity as writer for previous employer, Template Software.

Edited social issues book, marketing letters, press releases, and business plan.



Template Software, Herndon, VA				            		 January 1990 - December 1992

Senior Technical Writer

Key Work Experience:

Target audience:  programmers developing object-oriented business applications.

Designed, wrote, and formatted user manuals, programming manuals, reference manuals, installation guides, and release notes for an object-oriented software development kit (SDK).  Manuals included user guides for developing object model, communications, GUI, and database components of an application and API reference manuals.

Inventoried and analyzed existing documentation for necessary updates.  

Edited training manuals.

Developed templates for all documentation.

Coordinated efforts of writing, editing, indexing, and production personnel.

Supervised two full-time technical writers and two summer interns.

Conducted editorial reviews of team materials and made final decisions regarding every aspect of publication.

Established documentation department policies, procedures, standards, and templates.

Created project schedules and met strict publication deadlines.

Performed desk-top publishing.

Contracted for printing services as necessary and reviewed bluelines.

NPRI									     	  October 1988 - January 1990

Senior Technical Writer

Key Work Experience:

Target audience:  programmers developing telemarketing and telephony applications.

Designed, wrote, and formatted user manuals, programming manuals, reference manuals, installation guides, release notes, and technical reports for telemarketing and telephony software.

Revised company style guide.

Wrote, edited, and formatted customer newsletters.

Performed desk-top publishing.

Contracted for printing services as necessary and reviewed bluelines.



Template Software, Arlington, VA					       	       March 1986 - October 1988

Technical Writer

Key Work Experience:

Target audience:  programmers developing expert system applications.

Designed, wrote, and formatted user manuals, programming manuals, reference manuals, tutorials, installation guides, and release notes for expert system software development kit (SDK) for proprietary AI programming language.

Coordinated efforts of writing, editing, indexing, and production personnel.

Conducted editorial reviews of team materials.

Established documentation process, standards, and company style guide.

Created project schedules and met strict publication deadlines.

Worked with graphic artist to develop page layout and manual cover designs.

Performed desk-top publishing.

Contracted for printing services as necessary and reviewed bluelines.



Education:

Coursework for Ph.D. in Linguistics, Georgetown University, Washington, DC, 1992 - 1995

M.A. in Professional Writing, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, 1985

B.A. in English and Philosophy, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA, 1980

 “Macromedia Flash I,” CEU course presented by Editorial Experts, Alexandria, VA, 2002.

“Adobe Illustrator I,” CEU course presented by Editorial Experts, Alexandria, VA, 2002.

"How to Manage Documentation and Instructional Design Projects" workshop presented by JoAnn Hackos, Ph.D. 1997.

"Indexing Technical Manuals," CEU course presented by Editorial Experts. Alexandria, VA. 1989.

Skills:

Software:  MS Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Excel), RoboHelp, DocToHelp, FrameMaker, Publisher, PageMaker, Acrobat, HomeSite, FrontPage, Flash, Visio, Illustrator, Paint Shop Pro, SnagIt, ClearCase, SourceSafe, JIRA, Trac, SharePoint, Enterprise Architect, Google Docs, Oracle SQL Developer.

Operating Systems:  Windows; Macintosh; DOS; UNIX; VMS.

Computer Languages:  Pascal, SNAP (object-oriented AI language), SCRIPTS (DCL-based language).



Debra Graham	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 5



Debra Graham	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 5\n
KARAN KASHYAP
3402, #13, Tulane Drive, Hyattsville, MD 20783|301-458-9912| karan.kashyap26@gmail.com|linkedin
EDUCATION
 Master of Science in Information Management, University of Maryland College Park, USA (GPA: 3.8)
(Expected May 2017)
Coursework: Data Analytics for Information Professionals, Analyzing Social Networks & Social Media, Digging into Data,
Visual Analytics, Management of Information Programs & services, Users & Use Context.
 Bachelor of Engineering – Computer Engineering, University of Mumbai, India (Distinction)
(Jul 2011 – Jul 2015)
Coursework: Advanced Database Management System, Data warehousing & Mining, Computer Programming II - JAVA
TECHNICAL SKILL SET
 Programming Languages: Java, C++, R, VBA
 Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, PHP, JavaScript
 Application: Tableau, SAS, Gephi, MS Office, Hyperion
 Database Technologies: MySQL, MS SQL Server, MS Access
Interactive Reporting, SharePoint, Jigsaw
EXPERIENCE
Business Intelligence Intern – Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB)
(Jun 2016 – Present)
 Perform statistical analysis on financial and non-financial data using SAS and Excel.
 Ensure data quality through review and validation with source material
 Extract and clean raw data from various sources to be added into the database.
 Create interactive dashboards using Excel power pivots, slicers and VBA.
 Perform risk analysis of NAF & restatement reports and visualize data using SAS visual analytics and Excel.
Graduate Research Assistant, Office of Enrollment Management, UMD
(Aug 2015 – July 2016)
 Analyzed student financial aid records and created reports and dashboards using Excel.
 Modified and improved reports using Oracle’s Hyperion Interactive reporting tool – Brio.
 Worked directly with the Associate Director and re-engineered a business process that resulted in 30% improvement in productivity.
 Managed and expanded the firm’s intranet and collaboration portals built on SharePoint 2010.
 Reduced email response time by 20% by performing text analysis on past interactions.
 Interacted with undergraduate students and solved their queries using Talisma – CRM software.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Fannie Mae’s Mortgage Credit Risk Analysis using Apache Hadoop
(Jul 2016 - Aug 2016)
 Extracted relevant data containing twenty million records provided by Fannie Mae and stored it in HDFS.
 Used Impala – a library provided by Cloudera to aggregate and extract relevant subsets of the data.
 Performed statistical analysis on the aggregated data using R across variables like FICO score, LTV, DTI, loan size and purpose.
Predictive Analysis of US Airline flight delays
(Feb 2016 - May 2016)
 Extracted and analyzed relevant data from the US department of transportation.
 Created predictive models using logistic regression, random forest and Naïve Bayes classification algorithms.
Social Network Analysis of 2016 U.S. Presidential Elections
(Jan 2016 - Feb 2016)
 Extracted and analyzed social media as a source of real time information, using NodeXl and Twitter ApI’s.
 Performed network visualizations of U.S. Presidential candidates using Gephi & sentiment analysis in R to evaluate public reactions
and observe the information flow in their network.
Identifying Trends in Technology Adoption by the residents of Washington, Seattle
(Aug 2015 - Dec 2015)
 Identified and extract relevant data from the U.S. Census datasets provided as open data.
 Performed statistical tests in R like 2 – sample T test and Chi – squared test and drew inferences from it.
Implementing Ingenious Strategic Planning and Management at the Union Shop
(Aug 2015- Dec 2015)
 Performed SWOT analysis to analyze and identify key issues with the existing framework at the Union shop.
 Worked as a cross functional team and suggested ways to improve the current organizational structure to ensure customer
satisfaction.
Predictive Analysis for Insurance Agencies
(Jan 2015- May 2015)
 An application to aid insurance agencies to predict potential customers and to implement customized pitching of policies to existing
customers.
 Implemented using R, Rattle and Tableau. Clustering, segmentation and classification algorithms were used.
Cricket League Management System
(Jan 2014- Jun 2014)
 An application for cricket league management to create auction of players, build up fixtures, manage venues and results.
 This project was implemented using SQL server management studio, HTML5, CSS3 and PHP
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
 Achieved International ranking in Chess, currently ranked 4487 in India .
(Jan 2008)
 Represented Maharashtra for two years at the National level and have won numerous State level Tournaments.
(2007/2008)
 Deputy Music Secretary, Vesit. Organized and managed the Music festival of Vesit-Octaves.
(Jun 2013)
 Planned and executed promotional campaigns for Praxis -Technical Festival
(Jan 2014)
 Volunteer at SoRT – Social Responsibility Team, Vesit.
(Apr 2014)

\n
Felecia Washington	

    (770)-873-6298  fwashington62@yahoo.com



SUMMARY

IT professional with a demonstrated passion for Client/Server Applications including Middleware Server Administration.  Well-organized and detail-oriented with excellent customer service, training, and technical support skills. 



TECHNICAL STRENGTHS



Troubleshooting & Diagnostics

Project Management

Client-Server Technology

Systems Installation & Configuration



			 

CERTIFICATIONS 



Oracle WebLogic Server 11g System Administrator

Certified Cisco Network Administrator (CCNA)

Security+

Microsoft Windows 7 Enterprise Desktop Support & Configuration (MCITP, MCSA, MCTS)

			

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Technology Center – Norcross, GA						

IT Project Manager – WebLogic Administrator		                                                     March 2013 – Present

Install, configure, maintain, and support Oracle WebLogic Server 11g and 12c through the Administration Console and WLST in Linux and Windows environment

Instructor Oracle WebLogic Lab & Development Environments using Oracle Linux, Ubuntu, and Windows 7

Deploy various JAR, WAR, EAR, and J2EE applications on managed servers and in clustered environment using Console or auto deployment scripts 

Configure clusters, LDAP servers, HTTP Servers and Security Certificates on WebLogic Server 

Monitor log files, performance tuning through heap size, thread dumps, garbage collection and other measures 

Configure resource and application security and perform backup and recovery



Business Solutions Consulting – GA

Technology Enablement Project Manager 						   April 2014 – December 2014

Installed and maintained Microsoft Office 365 including analyze, isolate, and correct Exchange issues

Researched, recommended, purchased, configured and maintained hardware and software – PCs, and Server

Documented all software/hardware configurations, network security measures and support requirements

Setup Enterprise Endpoint Protection and PC local security policies and procedures

Managed all internal projects – Network Infrastructure, CRM and SharePoint Configuration, Marketing 



Comforce Information Technologies – Atlanta, GA

Helpdesk Specialist / Office Manager				                                        August 2000 – February 2012

Performed routine maintenance related to all software and hardware. 

Performed hardware and software configuration and installation

Provided technical support to internal and external users for client based vendor management software systems 

Trained internal and external users on company specific software

Managed the Administration Department to standardize and centralize all accounting functions for the Southeast Region for over 250 employees



EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS

Bachelor of Business Administration in Project Management 



MILITARY EXPERIENCE

United States Air Force, Inventory Management Craftsman – Honorable Discharge 1985 – 1995\n
Pratiksha Sathe

	240.762.9952   pratiksha.sathe@rhsmith.umd.edu  https://www.linkedin.com/in/pratikshasathe

	

EDUCATION



Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD        	             		December 2016

Master of Science in Information Systems



KJ Somaiya College Of Engineering, Mumbai, India                                                                 	    	     August 2013

Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology



TECHNNICAL SKILLS



Software: Cognos BI, Cognos TM1, Tableau, Talend, Datastage, DB2, ClearDB, WebSphere, Eclipse, SAP, WordPress, IBMBluemix, AWS, Jenkins, BitBucket.

Programming Skill: Java, C ++, ABAP, CSS, HTML, SQL, PHP, Visual Basics, R, Python, Hadoop (MapReduce, Sqoop, Pig, Hive), Android development.



RELEVANT EXPERIENCE



Walmart Technology									 	       June – August 2016

Corporate Summer Intern -2016 (2 months)

				Designed an android application with Cloud Power Source team to add voice capabilities with an existing Walmart mobile application to improve the efficiency of the associates by three percent.

		Interviewed store associates to identify the requirements and analyzed various voice APIs of native and hybrid platform.

		Modeled various sales reports and created dashboards that can be integrated to add more functionality in the application.

		Integrated Single Sign On to authenticate the user and make the application more secure.

		

Accenture Services Pvt Ltd, Bangalore, India  				               November 2013 – March 2015

Associate Software Engineer (17 months)

	Forecasted cost for medical tests and managed financial cubes for analysis of budget for an Asian pharmaceutical client.

	Analyzed and automated 60 medical reports, saving time and manual efforts thus increasing team’s efficiency by five percent.

	Enhanced and executed 86 clinical trial reports, facilitated timely delivery of reports for FDA approvals.



Wordit CDE, Mumbai, India 								             August - November 2013

Project Assistant (3 months)

Integrated Zoho CRM with company website, vastly improved company business model by enabling capture of sales leads with the help of lead-capturing forms.



PROJECTS

 

	Analyzing Amazon food review						 	 	   February – May 2016

Analyzed amazon food reviews data to find seasonal pattern to gain insights on the customer review.

Performed sentiment analysis and developed a module to forecast the sentiment of the product by using spark.



	Online Role based Peer Review 								    February – May 2016

	Developed an online role based peer review system for the Smith School of Business-IS major.

Worked in agile environment to gain a practical understanding of the business process management in application development.



	Analyze income in US									                 February – May 2016

• Analyzed the annual income of adults in US to classify the income patterns based on various parameters to help insurance company to plan their policy efficiently.

• Implemented various forecasting algorithms to predict the average income of the people.



	Health Insurance suggestion application						     September – November 2012

Developed a web portal, which would suggest health insurance offered by various insurance companies according to their requirements and medical history for Blaine's Inc. -virtual client.

Performed requirement gathering to provide end-to-end solution.



TECHNICAL PRESENTATIONS

	

	Secured second position in technical paper presentation on ‘Movie Recommendations using data mining’ at ‘Prodology’-a national level competition hosted by VJTI College.\n
Jeremy Joyce

617 West Lexington Street Baltimore, MD 21201
Phone: 412-401-2811   E-Mail: brickbybrick05@gmail.com

Page 2

EDUCATION

Bowie State University, Bowie, MD								     2018

Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with an Information Systems concentration

RELEVANT COURSEWORK 

Information Technology                              Database Systems                       Personal Finance

Computer Fundamental/Application       Business Law                              Principles of Management 

Web Development                                          Principles of Marketing                 Principles of Macroeconomics 

Created data models of user's needs, normalization of database tables, database design, distributed database systems, and client/server architectures

Solved technical issues involved with computer hardware and components, operating systems, file storage, networking fundamentals, the internet, and database systems 

Designed, generated, and enhanced Web pages for personal and business use that included text, hyperlinks, images, tables, frames, forms, sound, and video 

Analyzed principles in finances, business management, and economic structures as well as the laws that govern these systems 

Planned and executed databases for mock organizations 

COMPUTER SKILLS 

Operating Systems 

Windows, Mac

Programming Languages

HTML, Java, CSS, PHP, SQL, XML 

Software 

Microsoft Office (Word, Access, Excel, Outlook, Publisher, PowerPoint)

Database Management 

Microsoft Access, SSMS

WORK EXPERIENCE 

Crossfire Production Services 									2014-2016

Pipeline and Roustabout Technician 

12 hour days mapping out and installing offshore pipeline 

Ensured OSHA and Federal regulations were followed 

Nike Factory                                                                                              				2012-2014

Sales Associate

Received merchandise and tracked inventory 

Led a team of people to insure job was done in a diminutive period of time\n
CYNTHIA M. SANCHEZ

1707 So. Raymond Ave., Alhambra, CA 91803

(626) 722-2209





BUSINESS EXPERIENCE:



04/12 – 4/17 – Document Control Specialist

Bureau Veritas/Los Angeles County Building and Safety Department

Technical/ Documentation:

•          Issuing Permits; Building, Electrical, Mechanical, Plumbing, Grading, Sewer

•          Assisting Customers via Phones/Counter

•          Record Searches

•          Assisting Building Inspectors





05/04 - 03/09 Senior Documentation Control Specialist

Beckman Coulter Inc. Fullerton, CA

Technical/ Documentation:

•          Change Order Writer

•          Implement & Revise Bills of Material

•          Writing Rework Instructions

•          Drafting

•          Maintain Company Intranet

•          Implement & Revise Internal Departmental Procedures per ISO

•          Assist & Provide Administrative Support to Various Department Associates





09/02 - 06/03 Document Control Specialist/Administrative Assistant

Robert Half Int’l Inc. Employment Agency, City of Industry, CA

Technical/Administrative:

•          Various Contractual Assignments

•          Update and Maintain Electronic Drawing Files/Logs

•          Design and Implement Change Request per Business Requirement Documentation

•          Perform Standard ISO Procedures per Technical Design Documentation

•          Administrative and General Office Tasks





06/99 - 06/02 Document Control Specialist/CAD Operator

Unitek Miyachi Corporation - Monrovia, CA

Technical/Administrative:

•          Update and Maintain Electronic Drawing Files/Logs

•          Design and Implement Change Request per Business Requirement Documentation

•          Perform Standard ISO Procedures per Technical Design Documentation

•          Assist Internal & ISO Auditors with Bi-Yearly Audits

•          Coordinate and Execute Engineering Change Notices, Drawing/Specification Releases

•          Implement & Revise Bills of Material

•          Administer all Scanning Activities

•          Safety Committee Member



APPLICATION EXPERIENCE:

Windows 10, Microsoft Office 2013; Oracle; Photoshop; CAD/Drafting (AutoCADi); Various Software & Hardware Applications; Lotus Notes/Outlook; Familiarity of Various Intranet Applications; Data Entry 20,000 Strokes; Avery Bar Coding; Graphs/Flowcharts; 3M 2500 & 2000 Processor Camera; 3M 520 Dupl. Printer; 3M 948 Card Encoder; 3M Quadtimatic IV; IBM System 36; TrueScan 800; Imagenation Version 4.50.



EDUCATION:

Citrus Community College, Glendora, CA

General Education, Mechanical Drafting/CAD

East San Gabriel Valley Regional Occupational Program & Technical Center,

West Covina, CA

Microsoft Office Skills



BUSINESS REFERENCE/PERSONAL:

Ciara Barnett

Building Official

Department of Public Works Building and Safety

125 S Baldwin Ave.

Arcadia, CA 91007

(626) 574-0961

Mark Rodighiero

Engineering Manager (Lasers)

1820 S. Myrtle Ave. 

Monrovia, CA 91016

(626) 930-8530



Karen Mata

(626) 864-2697



George Tutundjian

(626) 823-2494\n
Bakhtier Azizbekov

Brooklyn, NY 11228

Mobile: (848) 228 0096

Email: azbakhti@yahoo.com

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/bakhti



													PROFILE:

4+ years of hands-on experience with testing web-based and mobile software applications

Skilled in performing many types of testing including Functional, Regression, Release/Build Acceptance, Performance, GUI, Usability, API testing, Browser and Platform Compatibility, etc. 

Knowledge in the software development lifecycle from requirements gathering to final release

Knowledge of Agile and Waterfall development models

Writing test cases, easy to reproduce bug reports, monitoring their status until satisfactory resolution

Good interpersonal skills, able to describe complex concepts in simple terms

Well organized and detail oriented

Passionate about software, technology

Strong team player with ability to work productively both in a team and individually

US employment authorized



													TECHNICAL SKILLS:

													Platforms: 		Windows 10/8/7, Mac OS X, UNIX

													Mobile Platforms: 	iOS, Android OS, Windows Phone

													Programming: 		HTML/CSS, MySQL Workbench

													Automation:                   Appium, Cucumber

													CMS: 			WordPress, Magento

													IDE:                                Xcode, Android Studio

													Browsers: 		Chrome, Firefox, MSIE, Safari, Puffin, Edge

Bug Tracking: 		Bugzilla, JIRA, Elementool

													Other: 			Charles Proxy, FirePath, Firebug, FireFTP, Color Picker, MS Office, Mathcad, Mobizen, XML/Json, PaperTrail, GitHub.

													

WORK EXPERIENCE:



10/16 – Present	            Software QA Engineer, Los Altos Software Testing House inc

Tested a social networking application www.care2.com that connects people interested in socially important issues or want to start/take part in socially related petition

Performed browser compatibility testing using Chrome, Firefox, IE on Windows 10 and Mac OS X

Wrote test cases for specific components of the application as well as using Selenium IDE

Implemented ad hoc, exploratory testing to get a better understanding of the application features

Performed testing in QA and production environment

Participated in test planning for many functional areas and features of the application

Performed functional, regression, usability testing on mobile platforms: iOS, Android

Participated in the weekly QA meetings, discussions of the latest builds, bug fixes, findings

Reporting defects into Bugzilla/JIRA bug tracking system providing screenshot and videos

Following up with the reported bugs until satisfactory resolution



Tested a family members chat and location tracker native application “Famy” for iOS and Android

Developed and executed test cases for specific components of the application such as User Profile, Group management

Performed ad-hoc, exploratory to get along with application features

Performed Bug Verification testing

Partial automation using Cucumber at Appium

Implemented regression testing as defined by the Project testing activities for new releases

Performed Localization, usability, functional testing on mobile platforms:iOS, Android

Experience with SDK-based Android Virtual Device and .apk files installation

Crash log reports were recorder via “Alogcat” application

Analyzed software failures and reported issues to Bugzilla/JIRA Bug Reporting System

Documented issues supporting them with screenshot and videos using "Mobizen" application





02/16 – 09/16	            Software QA Engineer, Jun Group , NYC

Write and Perform manual tests and SQL queries on iOS, Android, and Desktop

Tested on Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome, Internet Explorer

Implemented regression testing as defined by the Project testing activities for new releases, post deploy

Creating and writing the test cases for advertisement engine which ensures that customers watch the context ad

Verify ad delivery and ad metrics services operate properly under a variety of networking conditions

Found and reported bugs on mobile and web products created for clients, before and after release

Reviewed and revised functional specification documentation used for software design

Prioritized, estimated, planned and coordinated testing activities



12/14 – 01/16	            QA Tester,  Applause

Analyzing client's guidelines, product requirements and test cases prior to test execution to get a better understanding of client's needs

Implementing exploratory testing to get a better understanding of the product features, specifics

Conducting usability, GUI and functionality testing

Performing tests with Charles Proxy, limiting bandwidth to mimic various wireless speeds

Following standard testing procedures in accordance with company's policies and guidelines

Detected usability and functional bugs and reported them via JIRA bug tracking system

Documented all the defects supporting with logs, screenshots and videos, eventually was granted with the "Report Integrity indicator” and "Valuable tester" on numerous occasions

Successfully working with US-based and offshore-based development/QA teams

Conducting Localization and Usability testing

Testing implementation of social networking features for numerous apps

Implementing ad hoc and structure test procedures at all stages of SDLC

Participating in cross browser and cross platform (Windows 10/8/7, OS X) testing

Conducting Cross Browser compatibility testing on OS X, Windows; Browsers: Edge, IE, Chrome, Firefox, Safari





													

EDUCATION:

2013	MS in Engineering with honors, Peoples’ Friendship University, Moscow, Russia

2012     BA in Philology with honors, Translator English<->Russian, Peoples’ Friendship University, Moscow, Russia



Licenses and certifications:

Certified Software QA Engineer - Portnov computer school, Silicon Valley, CA, USA



REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST\n
Katherine Forng 



Experience



Care Systems Inc.                                                             				            8/2016 – Present

Project Coordinator/Business Analyst



Spearheaded efforts in organizing and completing multiple ITT/RFP/SSN/RFI/PQQ/BAFO response submissions across the US, Ireland, and Thailand

Instrumental in securing a US government agency contract award by giving a 2-hour pre-contract award demonstration; invited to demonstrate after organizing and completing successful BAFO submission

Delegated resources and gathered functional requirement responses; proofread and revised proposal submission responses

Collaborated with senior management to create Gantt charts and cost sheets

Organized system capability statements into external documents and presentations

Key role in helping project managers maintain project deadlines and track deliverables/development milestones

Lead on-site requirements gathering meeting under a mentor project manager; participated in project kick-off meetings

Analyzed and evaluated marketspace trends for business development opportunities

Developed knowledge in formulating small business strategic plans



AstraZeneca Supply Biologics                                                                                         	          6/2013 – 09/2013

Lab Analyst



Performed GMP Environmental Monitoring assays in ISO 5 and ISO 7 cleanroom areas of the

production module and GMP Raw Material Bioburden assay. Assisted in the production module

environmental excursion investigations.

Developed skills to operate in precise and procedural environments.



MedImmune                                                                             	         	      6/2010 – 9/2010 & 6/2011 – 9/2011

Lab Analyst



Performed Specific Ion identification tests. Able to complete rush sample testing and maintain material release timeline (149 samples in a single work day; average of 40-45 a day for other analysts).

Main analyst for the GMP Raw Material Bioburden Assay using compendial membrane filtration and pour plate methods; primary backup analyst for Biological Indicator (BI) Strip testing.

Required high levels of precision and attention to detail







University of Maryland DETS                                                                          		     09/2014 – 12/2015 

Technical Director 

Provided live support for remote access of lectures for students at different campuses of the University of Maryland.





Education



Bachelor of Arts, Economics 

University of Maryland, College Park 



Awards 



Alpha Phi Omega's John Mack Scholarship Award 2015

Awarded to members who exhibit volunteerism and unselfish service to others; exhibit significant participation and leadership in extracurricular activities to benefit individuals in need and/or charitable and/or humanitarian organizations.

Skills 



Speaks Chinese

Literate in software/hardware specifications

Familiar with Windows OS, Microsoft applications (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, etc.), Salesforce 

Basic STATA

Strong usage of Internet to conduct research.



Volunteer Experience 



Alpha Phi Omega National Co-ed Service Fraternity (Spring 2013 – Spring 2016)



Membership Vice President (Executive Board Officer) – Fall Semester 2014

Launched new program for organizing educational panels as well as chair positions and partnerships with other service-oriented organizations. Maintained detailed spreadsheet audit of over 200 members.

Fundraising Chair (Executive Board Chair) – Spring Semester 2014

Created cost-effective fundraising projects and facilitated the planning and execution of these projects.

Recording Secretary (Executive Board Officer) – Fall Semester 2013

Created and maintained a detailed online archive of Brotherhood meeting notes. Restructured organizational scheme of the Brotherhood archival system.


Tzu-Ching Greater Washington DC Chapter



President – Fall 2011 to Spring 2014

Acting liaison between collegiate volunteers of the Tzu-Ching organization and volunteers in the parent Tzu-Chi organization.

Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Katherine Forng 	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 2\n
Sandesh Shantaram Gawde
8125 48th Ave Apt 201, College Park, MD 20740 | sgawde@terpmail.umd.edu | +1 (240)-714-6567|
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sandesh-gawde-186062b4/

EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
GPA - 4.0/4.0
College Park, MD
Masters of Science, Engineering Telecommunications
Anticipated- May 2018
Coursework: Advance TCP/IP Networks in IPv6, Networks & Protocol-I & II, Cellular Communication Networks
University of Mumbai
GPA - 8.7/10.0
Mumbai, India
B.E. Electronics & Telecommunications
May 2016
Coursework: Internet & Voice Communication, Computer & Telecom Networks, Satellite & Mobile Communication,
Structured Programming Approach, Object Oriented Programming

TECHNICAL SKILLS
•
•
•
•
•

Certifications: Python, CCNA pursuing, Linux System Administration
Programming: Python, C, Java, Cisco IOS CLI - Network Devices Configuration
Networking: Routing & Switching (L2/L3) -TCP/IP Model, LAN/WAN, IPv6, DHCPv6, ICMPv6, RIPng, OSPF, DNS
Platforms/Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows, Linux – Ubuntu, RHEL-6, CentOS
Tools: Wireshark, tcpdump, GNS3, Cisco Packet Tracer, Excel Analytical Solver, VMware, VirtualBox

ENGINEERING EXPERIENCE
Gilbarco Veeder-Root India Pvt. Ltd.
Mumbai, India
Jan. 2015 - April 2016
• Co-op with the Research & Development unit of the International Fuel Dispenser Manufacturing Company.
• Drafted a system to address Real Time problems incorporating mechanisms such as the sensors, camera,
accelerometer, etc. on a single platform using Raspberry Pi.
• Configured the Local Area Network to implement VLANs and enforced Port Security to invulnerably connect and
communicate the devices involved in the setup.
• Demonstrated strong domain knowledge, analyzing problem solving abilities and coding system with Python.

PROJECTS
HTTP Client-Server on Ubuntu using IPv6 in Python Programming
May 2017
• Designed a HTTP Server on Linux based Ubuntu by use of Python Programming so that the HTTP Server runs in an
infinite loop to relentlessly respond to the Client Requests.
• Clients can send a GET request either in IPv4 or IPv6 to fetch information form server.
• Server authenticates the client by verifying username and password through a HTML prompt.
• After the client successfully authenticates, the server provides the rest of the information through a HTML file.
• Client and Server can be implemented independently with real world HTTP servers.
Simulation of Cellular Network for Admission control in CDMA system
May 2017
• Simulation of a Python application to improve the performance of a CDMA cell system through admission control.
• Involved creating random users over the channel and monitoring cellular parameters such as received signal
strength levels using COST231 for pathloss, call blocks & call drops with Erlang B formula.
• Examined the effects of insufficient signal strength based on the outcomes of probabilistic models and SINR levels.
• Enhanced the utilization and Grade of Service of the cellular network based on the observations.
Peer-to-Peer Communication between TCP Client-Server Ports through C Programming in RHEL.6
Nov. 2016
• Implemented Port Communication extending to the devise Sockets to establish a programmed data in C, to transfer
between the Client and Server paradigm through Transmission Control Protocol.
• Activated Client-Server modules for reliable communication between them through Linux Command Line.

AWARD(S)/ACHIEVEMENT(S)/LEADERSHIP & OTHER(S)
•
•
•

Endowment for securing First Rank in academics by Tata Trust-Scholarship Program
Event Manager - IETE KJSIEIT
Administrative Assistant - University Book Center.

2015
2014-2015
Aug. 2016 - Present

\n
BIRINDER CHAHAL

The Colony, TX 75056  (678) 720-8870  birinder.chahal@yahoo.com

	



OBJECTIVE

Challenging employment as a Middleware Administrator in an organization where I can leverage my troubleshooting and support management skills to ensure delivery of high quality, customer and market focused services as well as provide maintenance and support for the applications and infrastructure.



PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

			Over 8 years of experience in Linux / WebLogic / Middleware System Administration 

Expert level skills in implementing High Availability Architectures: installing multiple middle tiers, configuring load balancing/Virtual IPs, adding middle tier instances to the Farm. Setting up Application Server Instance level and Container level Clustering

Worked with full life cycle responsibility in multi-tier, and distributed network-processing systems

		Good experience in performance monitoring & fine tuning, production and infrastructure support, data & process modeling, logical & physical design, backups & recovery procedures

		Extensive shell scripting knowledge in UNIX

		Good working knowledge of Version Control tools via: Visual Source Safe, SVN, Oracle’s Software Configuration Manager (SCM)

			Extensively used TOAD, SQL Developer and SQL Plus on daily basis for querying database tables

			Excellent verbal and written communication skills



SKILLS

			Operating Systems: 	Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6x/7x, CentOS 6/7, Windows 2003/2000/NT/XP

			App / Middleware: Oracle Web Logic 11g: SOA, OSB, Coherence, .Net Web Services, Apache, IIS

			Tools: Eclipse, SoATest, soapUI, Citrix Netscaler , Mercury Quality Center, Remedy, Samurai, Selenium,  AutoHotKey, Toad, SQL Plus, Oracle SQL Developer

			Languages / Scripting: C#, C++, Java, J2EE, UNIX Shell, Python, HTML, ANT, AHK

			Database: Couchbase 7, Oracle-11g/10i, MS-SQL, and PL/SQL

			Monitor: Wily Introscope and HP Business Service Manager



CERTIFICATIONS  

			Red Hat Certified Systems Administrator: Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 (Achieved: November 13, 2015 )

			Oracle Certified Associate: WebLogic Server 11g System Administrator (Achieved: July 1, 2012 )

			

			EXPERIENCE

			

			Securus Technologies							Dallas, TX

			Senior Software Engineer - Employee					                          2012-Current

	Experience in performance tuning on JVM’s version 1.6 and 1.7 

	Installing and configuring Oracle weblogic 11g node / 4 cluster production environment

	Creating WLST scripts to automate deployments and monitoring for weblogic

	Creating JDBC Data sources and tuning connection pool settings for optimum performance

				Performing regularly scheduled system level patching of WebLogic Severs 

	Upgrading JDBC connection to GRID links in Weblogic

	Developing and implementing technical strategies for Weblogic system tuning and performance enhancements 

	Implementing and setup of Couchbase 4.0 on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7

	Automating installation and monitoring for Couchbase server

	Building multiple Liferay 6.2, Tomcat 7.0, and Active MQ environments 

	Installing setup and configuring new environments for Apache and HAproxy

	Working on code migration from QA environment to Production

				Automating many administrative tasks using shell scripts and cron jobs

	Providing 24x7 support on rotating basis 

			

			Cox Communications							Atlanta, GA

			SOA/Middleware Administrator - Employee							2011-2012

	Installing and configuring Oracle SOA suite 11g (11.1.1.5) components: BPEL, Oracle Service Bus (OSB) Mediator, Rules Engine, and Coherence in a 12 node / 4 cluster production environment

	Configuring SOA Metadata Services (MDS) to use Oracle RAC database

	Creating JMS Servers, JMS Modules, SAF agents, Queues for channeling messages

	Utilizing work manager to prioritize server resource allocation to applications/components

Configured Node manager to automate startup of SOA services and to enable death detection and recovery

Upgrading Fusion services from version 11.1.1.3 to 11.1.1.5

Experienced in creating the following SOA components with JDeveloper: Adapters, Mediator, BPEL, Business Rules, and Human workflow

Installing and configuring Oracle Service Bus on Oracle WebLogic Server 10.3.5

SOA performance monitoring using Oracle Grid Control and Enterprise Manager Console

				Configuring JDBC adapter for Oracle and SQL Server and creating database aliases to connect applications

				Applied various patches to Weblogic 10.3.6.x

				Creating automated deployments scripts using WLST and shell scripts

				In-depth knowledge of Solaris and Linux environments from an application server support perspective

				Experience in analyzing  log files, Thread Dups, JVM Dumps, Exception Stack Traces

				Skilled in configuring JMS server connection factory and setting up persistence store 

				Creating and modifying different performance metrics using WLDF

				Automating weekly reports for measuring application performance and availability 

				Providing production support (24/7) and coordinating with the users to resolve any critical issues

Working in a diverse and geographically dispersed team of Integration developers, Architects and DBAs in designing and deploying SOA solutions for the client

			

			Cox Communications							Atlanta, GA

			Middleware Administrator - Employee							2009-2011

Installed and configured Oracle SOA suite 11g consisting of BPEL, Mediator, Rules Engine, and B2B in a 3 node production cluster

Created domains, managed servers and grouped them into different WebLogic domains

Configured Node manager to automate startup of SOA services and to enable death detection and recovery

Worked closely with Integration developers and Business Analysts in defining the security needs for Web Services

Created, Configured and Tested web service connectors from WSDL document to the remote server

Worked with Network team to configure Citrix Netscaler Load Balancers in front of SOA nodes

Coordinated with Firewall/security team to define necessary firewall rules

				Creating automated deployments scripts using Eclipse and ANT

Provided production support (24/7) and coordinated with developers, QA team, management and end users

	Involved in configuring the System for Reverse-Invoke, and troubleshooting the issues

				Extensively used TOAD, SQL Developer and SQL Plus for querying the database

			Working knowledge of Web Services security including SOAP and WSDL

	Built web service client to invoke business process for validating and troubleshooting production issues

	Responsible for deploying code to QA, UET, Load, and production environments

	Involved in supporting environments and resolving architecture issues

		Experience in creating SOAP load tests with SoATest

	Performed architectural reviews for projects and recommend scenarios to increase performance

	Resolved the work requests, deployment tickets and change requests created in Remedy

	Supported applications and resolved the issues involved with SOA Suite and WebLogic

	Performed code reviews while improving the performance of applications

			

Apex Systems											Atlanta, GA

			System Administrator - Contractor at Cox Communications					2008 -2009

		Supported, updated, configured and tuned  4 applications running on WebLogic 9.x environments

		Created and updated all configuration and JDBC connections to Oracle 10g/11g and MS SQL

		Configured Node Manager for Applications running on WebLogic

		Created Diagnostic Images using WebLogic Diagnostic framework (WLDF)

		Configured WebLogic connections to Apache Web Servers / Proxy Servers 

		Validating code fixes to applications deployed to the development, QA and production environments

		Provided 24/7 support on rotational basis

		

EDUCATION



Georgia State University                                                                                                                   Atlanta, GA

Bachelor of Business Administration, Computer Information Systems				2008



Relevant Classes: 

		Programming in C# I & II

		Database management System

		Computer Forensics

		Systems Analysis

		Programming in Java I & II

		Intro to Information Security 

		Systems Development Project

		Managing IT Projects

		

		Computer Information System Projects

Added and maintained module upgrades to initial CIS alumni website portal for Georgia State University

Coded in C# and Java to develop programs using MS Visual Studio

Experience creating EER diagrams, relational schemas, tables, reports, queries using SQL in Oracle database

Searched and produced computer forensic reports using EnCase software

		

			REFERENCES

			Available upon request\n
ABHISHEK 
DAMLE
CONTACT
 adamle@umd.edu
  +1 (240)­467­6407

8125, 48th Ave., Unit #314,
College Park, MD­ 20740

www.linkedin.com/in/abhishekdamle

EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park
Engineering Telecommunications 2017
Courses: Networks and Protocols I & II, Data Structures & Algorithms, Cloud Computing, Spreadsheet Modelling &
Decision Analysis

K. J. Somaiya College of Engineering, Mumbai
Electronics and Telecommunications 2015

CERTIFICATIONS
Cisco Certified Network Associate: Routing and Switching

SKILLS

EMPLOYMENT

PROGRAMMING
LANGUAGES
Python
Java
C

TeleWorld Solutions
RF Intern

MATLAB
NETWORKING PROTOCOLS
RIP
OSPF
EIGRP
BGP
ARP
DHCP
TCP
UDP
SOFTWARES
Eclipse
Cisco Packet Tracer
CodeBlocks
NS2
Mentum Planet
Alteryx
Nemo WindCatcher
MapInfo
MS Office

Aug 2016

License Number: CSCO13063505

Chantilly, Virginia

Jun 2016 to Sep 2016
­ Collaborated with a team of RF Engineers to work on Competitive Benchmark Testing Prep for Sprint and Northeast
Region RFP ­ Benchmark Testing for T­ Mobile
­ Performed sanity checks on a daily basis for the incoming data from the markets to validate them against some pre­
defined benchmarking parameters viz. RSRP, CINR, Downlink EARFCN, Dominant Pilot Ec, Dominant Pilot Ec/Io,
Mobile Channel Frequency, etc.
­ Generated high level stats for every market’s daily drive as well as developed a comprehensive summary report
which had to be presented to the client describing the testing process as well as enlisting the appropriate optimization
steps
­ Created drive routes for the upcoming markets by using powerful mapping tools like MapInfo and Microsoft Streets
and Trips.
­ Worked on some cutting edge wireless post processing tools like Nemo WindCatcher, Alteryx, XCAL etc. which
helped in mapping the client’s needs into concise reports

PROJECTS
Deploying Scalable Cloud Infrastructure using AWS
Sep 2016 to Present
­Created an Identity & Access Management (IAM) module to demonstrate access control
­Deployed a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) and launched various EC2 instances with custom specifications
­Incorporated security groups to enable packet filtering
­Modeled the cloud environment with features like Elastic IP's, Auto­ Scaling and Elastic Load Balancing
Remote Transmitter­Receiver Connection Setup along with Reliable Data Transfer Using UDPNov 2015
­ Developed a Transmitter­Receiver model using User Datagram Protocol with socket programming in
JAVA in Eclipse IDE environment
­ Designed a reliable data transfer scenario by implementing stop­and­wait protocol
­ Provided security aspect to the remote connection by introducing integrity check field and encryption
using RC4 algorithm
Deployment and Analysis of GSM, WCDMA and LTE Network
Oct 2015 to Nov 2015
­ Initial phases comprised of deploying 30 base stations that provided network coverage in Downtown DC
and surrounding area depending on the given coverage specifications and avoiding call drops, if any.
­ Sites were modeled in Mentum Planet for specific parameters viz EIRP, path loss model, antenna height,
receiver threshold
­ Provided LTE coverage using 4 base stations to the university campus to ensure a minimum data rate of
2.5 Mbps in phase three
­ Computed and researched about the interference analysis due to the neighbouring microwave links
using Poseidon 
Cisco Certified Network Associate Training (CCNA Training)
Jul 2015
­ Implemented Virtual Environments using Cisco Packet Tracer Student
­ Configured various routing protocols viz. RIP (v1 & v2), IGRP, EIGRP and OSPF
­ Hands­ on experience in configuring Layer 2 devices and integrating them in the virtually created
networks
­ Studied IPv4 addressing in depth along with introduction to IPv6

ACTIVITIES
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineer · Joint Creative Head
Youth Rock Stage­Upvan Arts Festival, India · Organizing Team Lead

2013 to 2014
2014

\n
Md Alam Saikh 

Phone: +1 302-442-2460 

Email: alam.iem@gmail.com 

 



 

Senior Java-J2EE, Web/UI Developer, 

10 years of professional experience working in the Financial industry, this includes design, development and Implementation of Projects in the areas of Java/J2EE, AngularJS based applications, Business Process Management (BPM) and Client/Server, Internet/Intranet and Distributed Enterprise Application for several industry verticals - with active involvement in Requirement Analysis, Design, Development, Functional Study, Testing, Integration, Implementation, Maintenance, Documentation and Quality Reviews. 

Software architect, developer and team lead

Motivated, Self-disciplined, Can work independently under global work environment or within a team, Analytical, Detail oriented, Creative yet focused, Out-of-the-box thinker yet standards-driven, Fast learner, Articulate.

Around 3 years of experience in Project Implementation methodologies – AGILE and SCRUM. 

Implement REST-based web services with AngularJS.

Proficient in UI/Front End development - HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, d3js, NodeJS, Bootstrap, Content Management System (CMS-Teamsite). 

Cross browser web development with iPad support.

Expertise in Object Oriented Development  - Core Java,  Spring, JSP, Servlet, Hibernate. 

Have detailed understanding of various Object Oriented Design Patterns, Multithreading, UML. 

Expertise in designing and development in BPM tool Appway, JBPM. 

Good understanding of Database – PL SQL, Oracle, MySQL. 

Worked on software development tools – JIRA, ALM, Maven, SVN, GIT, Harvest. 

Proven ability and experience in analysis, design, development and testing reporting application based on Business Objects XI 3.1 SDK development(Java/J2EE). 

Have good understanding of wealth management domain and Client Onboarding process. 

Exposure in industry best practice delivery model. 

Exposure in requirements analysis and architecture design.

Tools and Technology Evaluation and Selection. 

Writing technical documentation and white papers.	

Coordination between onsite and offshore. 

 















 



                                             Technical Summary 





Java/J2EE:                Core Java, Jsp,Servlet, Spring, Hibernate, UML, Design Patterns, Threads, JSTL

Web Service:             Rest, SOAP

Web Development:    HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, Angular JS, d3js, Node JS, JavaScript, Ajax, Bootstrap, 

                                   JSON, XML, Gradle

		BPM Tool: 	 	   Appway 

Business Objects:      Business Objects XI 3.1 SDK Development 

Testing:                     JUnit

Database:                  PL SQL, Oracle, MySQL 

CMS:                           Teamsite 

Servers:                     IBM Websphere Application & Portal server, Apache Tomcat server

Tools:                         RAD, Eclipse, Apache Ant, Harvest, Maven, GIT, Flex Builder, Jira, ALM, Toad,

                                  Oracle SQL developer, Putty, FileZilla, SoapUI

Source Control:         Tortoise CVS/SVN, GIT

 

                                         Technical Certifications 

 	 

Oracle Database 11g: SQL Fundamentals I (1z0-051) 

Oracle Certified Programmer for the Java2 Platform SE 6.0 (310 -065)  

IBM Certified System Administrator - IBM WebSphere Portal V6.1

IBM Certified Solution Developer - IBM WebSphere Portal V6.1



                                 Relevant Project Experience Summary



JPMorgan Chase Bank - COB 

JPMorgan Chase Bank is an American multinational banking and financial services holding company headquartered in New York City. Know your customer (KYC) is the process of a business verifying the identity of its clients. KYC framework has been extended to accommodate onboarding of customers to different regions and markets for various credit and non-credit products.

It needs several approvals to complete a KYC. The approval process is defined through the use of workflows. Depending on the type of client, following are the various approvals the client will have to go through to reach a "completed" KYC :  (1) Compose Info (2) Document Review (3) SOW Check (4) Screening (5) Risk Review (6) Final Approvals.

Project Module 

Name 

Client Onboarding - Know Your Customer (KYC) 

Role 

Lead Java/J2EE, BPM Developer 

Duration 

Jun 2012 – till date 

Technology 

JBPM, Appway, Java/J2EE, JSP, Servlet, Spring, Hibernate, Angular JS, d3js, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, Web Service, Gradle, JUnit

Tools & Servers 

Appway, IBM Websphere Application server 6.1 , Maven, GIT, Putty, Filezilla, RAD, JIRA, ALM

Responsibilities /Contribution 

Requirement analysis and design. 

Designed class structure & data model. 

Set up the AngularJS framework for the application.

Setup the Bootstrap for customizable UI design.

Implement REST-based web services with AngularJS.

Building process flows for different stages of the KYC workflow. 

Designed and Developed the data mapping from KYC service to Application. 

Involved in design and development of critical modules like Customer Due Diligence (CDD), Special Due Diligence(SpDD), Account Due Diligence(ADD) etc. 

Implemented the Risk Rating calculation system of the Client. 

Worked on system validation of data. 

Designed and developed the various Approval workflow process 

Defect fixing and change request implementation 

Enhancement of the new process requirements like CLS, GDD, SOW etc. 

Worked on Internationalization of the KYC process. 

RSU implementation.

Production Support.

 

 

Project Module 

Name

Client Onboarding – Account Open (AO)

The application was built to automate and control the account opening process within Private Banking. The following PB and corporate applications receive data from Stream using straight though processing: ODS, Head sheet, Authorities, Suitability, OMNI, and Enterprise System.

Currently this application supports the account opening process for the following types of accounts: Asset, Brokerage, Derivative, Investment Management, Certificate Of Deposit and DDA/MMIA.

The approval process is defined through the use of workflows. Depending on the type of account opened the following are the various approvals the account will have to go through to reach a "completed" state: Pending Approval, Pending Sales trader Approval, Pending Portfolio Manager/Assistant Approval, Pending Series 8 Approval, Pending Client Info, Pending System Distribution, Pending Commission Approval, Pending ACT Commission Update (Asset & IM) and Completed.

Role

Lead Java/J2EE Developer

Duration

Sept 2013 – Mar 2015 (parallel with kyc project)

Technology

Java/J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, Angular JS, NodeJS, Bootstrap, Web Service, Multithreading, JUnit

Tools & Servers

JBPM, Appway, RAD, IBM Websphere Application server 6.1 , Maven, GIT, Putty, Filezilla, JIRA, ALM

Responsibilities /Contribution

Requirement analysis and design. 

Designed class structure & data model. 

Set up the AngularJS framework for the application.

Setup the Bootstrap for customizable UI design.

Implement REST-based web services with AngularJS.

Conversion of Existing Application build on Appway Platform to Java/J2EE based Application using Angular JS.

Building process flows for different stages of the Account Open workflow. 

Designed and developed the various Approval workflow process 

Defect fixing and change request implementation

Production Support.



 



 















 

Bank of New York Mellon(BNYM)-Private Wealth Management 

“Private Workbench” is a portal based application deployed on Websphere Portal Server 6.1 and Websphere Application Server 6.1. This portal provides “Wealth management” solutions to BNYM’s client including Individuals and family Office Services. The portal allows BNYM client registered for the portal services to manage their accounts, create different logical groups of the accounts and view and manage their portfolio. The portal also allows users to generate reports with 75 different set of parameters on their holdings. 

 

Project Module 

Name 

PWM and Advisory Services UI Redesign   

Role 

Developer 

Duration 

Jan 2011 – May 2012 

Technology 

HTML5, CSS3 JQuery, JavaScript, Ajax, Java, Spring 

Tools & Servers 

IBM Websphere Application server 6.1, Teamsite , Putty, Filezilla

Responsibilities /Contribution 

Objective of the module is to redesign all the UI to meet the new requirement. 

Implemented all the UI of public site of BNYMellon Wealth Management. 

Developed Front End BNYM Advisory Service. 

Redesigned the Private site of BNYM.  

Worked on new login process 

Developed the dynamic news feed System 

Implemented BNYM history Timeline 

Added the feature to run the Application in all major browsers with iPad. 

 

Project Module 

Name 

Business Objects(BO) Upgradation 

Role 

Developer 

Duration 

Jan 2010 – Dec 2010 

Technology 

 Business Objects XI 3.1 SDK, Struts 1.2, Display Tag 1.2, Spring 3.0, Hibernate,  Oracle 10g, JUnit 

Tools & Servers 

RAD 7.5, Flex Builder, Harvest, IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1, SVN, Apache Ant build Scripts, Putty, Filezilla

Responsibilities /Contribution 

Proposed the project architecture with Detailed Design Document(DLD)  

Developed the major BO functionalities like Reports landing from Infoview, Report Generation, Schedule, Send, Notifications, Event Driven Scheduling etc. 

Customized the report parameter page using Flex. 

Project Module 

Name 

PWM-Mobile Application 

Role 

Developer 

Duration 

Apr 2009 – Dec 2009 

Technology 

Sencha Touch API, Oracle 10g 

Tools & Servers 

RAD 7.5, Flex Builder, Harvest, IBM Websphere Application server 

Responsibilities /Contribution 

Implemented two POC project based on JQuery Mobile and Sencha Touch API. 

Finalized the Sencha Touch API to proceed 

Developed the major PWM functionalities like Account Summary, Holdings, My Team etc. 

 

Project Module 

Name 

PWM Portal Theme/Skin Upgradation to Portal 6.1 

Role 

Developer 

Duration 

Apr 2008 – Mar 2009 

Technology 

IBM Websphere Portal 6.1 Theme, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript, JSON, XML JSP, Servlet 

Tools & Servers 

	RAD 7.5, Harvest, IBM Websphere Portal server 6.1 , SVN, Harvest, Putty, Filezilla 

Responsibilities /Contribution 

Migrated the Portal 5.1 theme and skins to Portal 6.1 theme and skins. 

Worked on CSA features 

Optimized the new theme/skins using new css3 features instead of images. 

Designed and Developed new WebSphere Portal 6.1.x Themes,Skins  

Developed Portlets using JSR168 Specifications. 

Developed XML Access Scripts for creating pages,portlets, assigning users to groups 

Developed Flex Application and rendered them using JSR168 Spec. 

 

 

 

 

Schering-Plough currently merged with Merck 

Schering-Plough is a USA based pharmaceutical company. It manufactures several pharmaceutical drugs, the most well-known of which were the allergy drugs. 

 

Project Module 

Name 

Market Builder 

Role 

Developer 

Duration 

Aug 2007 – Mar 2008 

Technology 

Struts 1.2, Oracle 10g 

Tools & Servers 

Eclipse, Toad, Putty, Apache Tomcat Server 

Responsibilities /Contribution 

Run weekly Preload process based newly uploaded data.

Run weekly Master Custom process after getting confirmation from client 

Verification of weekly exception report and after that share it with Business users. 

Implemented few change requests and enhancements using Struts 1.2.  



Project Module 

Name 

GCM Report Development 

Role 

Developer 

 

Feb 2006 – Jul 2007 

Technology 

Oracle 10g 

Tools & Servers 

Crystal Report 

Responsibilities /Contribution 

Requirement analysis and design. 

Developed 13 different report based on given criteria 

Verified and changed all the UI components. 

Testing of all the reports  

Defect Fixing 

 

 

 





Education 



Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and Engineering





	 	1

	 	1

	 	1\n
Yeri Zinn

21 Redding Ridge Drive 

North Potomac, MD 20878  | yeri.zinn@gmail.com |  (240) 480-0549

Skills & Abilities

Experience in property and asset management. 

Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills. High attention to detail and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment. 

Professional proficiency in Excel, QuickBooks, and Word.   

Experience

resident assistant UMD 

august 2015- present

As the architect of the community, the primary role of the RA is to develop community and it a role that requires flexibility, enthusiasm, commitment, and strong administrative and counseling skills. 

intern aegis investment group, LLC  

march 2015- present

AEGIS is a commercial real estate firm that handles property and asset management. The firm specializes in turnaround management. My main focus is working towards the firm’s five-year goal of having one of the newer properties reach its target valuation goal. On the side I am working on a marketing strategy for a golf course acquired last quarter. 

Undergraduate teaching and learning assistant UMD 

January 2015- present

Responsible for leading the discussion portion of lecture every week and guiding students through their weekly in class activities in BSCI105. Part of an educational research study studying the roles of active learning in retention and ability to apply knowledge.  

Education

University of Maryland, college park 

class of 2018

Scholars Life Sciences Fundraising Committee

Scholars Ambassador 

Alpha Lambda Delta, Primannum Honor Society 2014 

Thomas Sprigg Wootton high School, Rockville

class of 2014 

References

Christy Rice, social studies teacher

Thomas wootton High school 

(240) 848-1109

christina_m_rice@mcpsmd.org 

Brent hernandez, college park scholars assistant director 

University of maryland 

(301) 314-9017

bhernand@umd.edu



Page 2\n
ATHARVA DESHPANDE

4624 Knox Road, Apt 9, College Park, MD 20740
+1-(240)-543-2523  add1793@umd.edu

EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
M.S., Telecommunication Engineering
University of Pune, India
B.E., Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering

GPA- 3.50
(Expected May 2017)

GPA-3.8
(May 2014)

SKILLS
LANGUAGES: Python, Java, C, MATLAB, HTML, SQL, JavaScript, CSS
SOFTWARE: Eclipse, MySQL Workbench, Cisco Packet Tracer, Putty, MS Office
PROTOCOLS: TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, UDP, RIP, ARP, HTTP, BGP, LAN/WAN, Ethernet, VLAN

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
Programmer Analyst Trainee, Cognizant Technology Solutions

Chennai, India



Developed and tested a web application using Java, Html and Tomcat server.



Created user login, published MySQL database and created a user friendly interface to query the data.



Managed a team of 4 members and interacted directly with the client to gather project requirements.

(November 2014 – March 2015)

IT Support, SKNCOE



Pune, India

Provided thorough support and problem resolution for staff in college.
(January 2013-May 2014)
Was responsible for setting up the projectors, installing software and hardware and troubleshooting the computer systems.

PROJECTS
Client- Server Secure Socket Layer (SSL) programming (Python)





(May 2016-present)
Implemented a client program to communicate with a server using sockets.
Mathematical operations were performed on inputs (Integers/Operators) and returned a solution to server.
A secret flag was returned for computing all possible mathematical expressions successfully.
Currently, implementing a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to create a secure communication between client and server.

Cellular Simulation of a Base Station in Python



(April 2016-May 2016)
Developed a simulator in Python for a 3-sectored base station to analyze the network performance using cellular parameters
such as number of channels, received signal strength, propagation loss, call blocks, hand off failures.
Analyzed their effect on system utilization and Grade of Service and produced a statistic report on call drops, successful calls,
successful hand-offs to understand system reliability.

UDP based Client-Server application using Java Socket Programming


(November 2015)
Developed a networking application in Java consisting of a transmitter and a receiver that can ensure reliable data transfer and
cryptographic authentication on top of UDP’s unreliable communication services using RC4 algorithm and socket programming.

Image Stitching for Situation Awareness in Battle Management System




(June 2013 –May 2014)

Implemented and compared two Image Stitching algorithms SIFT and SURF using MATLAB which compensated critical
disadvantages of RADAR, LINAR such as jamming, interference.
The project demonstrated a seamless connection using feature extraction, feature matching with two or more images having
common overlapping part to get a higher resolution and 360 degree panoramic image.
Won 2nd prize in the IET (Institute of Engineering and Technology) project competition out of 40 teams.

RELATED COURSEWORK
Networks and Protocols
● Computer Networks
●

Interactive Programming in Python
● System Programming and Operating Systems
●

● Digital Communications
● Computer Architecture

\n
SAGAR MANIAR
Hyattsville, MD 20783 +1 (240) 543-1313

sagar.maniar@rhsmith.umd.edu

www.linkedin.com/in/sagarmaniar

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science (MS), Major: Information Systems; GPA: 3.575/4.0

Expected - Dec 2016

Hackathon Winner, American Public Health Association, Chicago, 2015

K J Somaiya Institute of Engineering & Information Technology, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Major: Computer Engineering; GPA: 3.5/4.0

May 2011

CORE COMPETENCIES


Requirement Elicitation



Agile Methodology



SQL



Functional Requirement Analysis



Java Technology



Team Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Point72 Asset Management, Stamford CT, United States
Business IT and Big Data Intern, Databases & Cloud Technologies






Analyzed natural language processing API and provided technology insights for information retrieval from required data.
Generated reports in Microsoft Office documents to help clients visualize the solution from the mined text.
Crafted business case & delivered proof of concept for use of graph based databases like Neo4J & OrientDB.
Integrated ActionGrid with out of box salesforce objects to provide better user experience & data management to business users.
Designed a solution to monitor Kafka data streams using Kafka connect to gather various metrics like latency & throughput.

Community Well Startup, Robert Smith School of Business, MD, United States
Software Engineer & Business Analyst, Java & Oracle Technologies











August 2015 - Present

Evaluated user stories and developed a scalable solution using Google cloud platform, JSP, Servlets, and JDO.
Directed requirement elicitation by visiting health fairs and communicating with organizers, healthcare groups and visitors.
Collected data for 5000 individuals at Community Health Fair; built reports using Tableau to show disease risk prevalence.
Investigated the prototype and developed solution to address the additional features, improving system efficiency by 25%.
Proposed a roadmap for enhancing the existing system that helped department save $40,000.

Accenture Services Pvt Ltd, Mumbai, India
Software Engineer & Business Analyst, Java & Oracle Technologies



June 2016 – Present

October 2011 - July 2015

Led software development process for Java Technology modules & drafted logical designs for retail E-commerce client.
Analyzed mainframe systems and designed a solution in Java technology independently, thereby mapping all requirements
from mainframe system to Java Spring Batch, improving efficiency of system by 2.75%.
Co-ordinated with business stakeholders to gather requirements & created business requirement documents & test scenarios.
Collaborated with the module team to develop Core Java report generation system with use of POI API.
Suggested to deliver complex reports, with acceptance rate of 50%, based on Java Technology instead of Cognos, impact
being 5% reduction in throughput time and 6.57% reduction in man-hours (Impact Analysis).
Liaised with senior management and IT module team to manage project schedules for delivery of multiple modules for
complete software development lifecycle process (waterfall).

LEADERSHIP ACTIVITIES AND ACHIEVEMENTS




Academic Scholarship, University of Maryland: Earned a scholarship for $10000 for year 2016 Spring and Fall semester as
a part of Graduate Assistantship.
Module Lead, Accenture Services Pvt Ltd: Led team of 10 resources for complete SDLC that involved project
reporting and documentation to include status, open issues, IT processes and workflows.
Lead Author for White paper, Accenture Services Pvt Ltd: Authored “Dynamic Update Query Using Eclipse Link JPA”
paper to help project reduce estimated efforts by 7% in terms of work hours.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION







Research Assistant, Robert H Smith School of Business: Identified risks and issues with Twilio API and existing system
integration Health Innovation and Decision Systems (CHIDS) department.
Certifications: Oracle Certified Java Professional, Accenture Retail Generalist Certification.
Awards: Promoted to Software Engineering Analyst, Accenture Services Pvt Ltd, Mumbai, India, 2013.
Technical Proficiency:
Languages: Core Java (J2SE), Advanced Java (J2EE), Java Persistence API, SQL, Spring Batch, R, Hive, HTML.
Tools: Oracle database, MySQL, Microsoft Visio, Advanced Microsoft Excel (Macros, @Risk, Palisade Tools, Solver Tables),
MS Project, GitHub, Quality Center, SVN, Google App Engine, Data Store, Google Docs, Microsoft TFS, Big Data (Hadoop).
Others: Business Process Modeling, Amazon Web Services, IBM Bluemix, IBM Watson Analytics.

\n
KONSTANTIN BURLACHENKO         SUMMARY:

San Francisco, CA                                             - Hands-on experience in testing of web based and mobile applications  

Cell:  801.477.7768                                            - Solid knowledge of SDLC/SBLC, testing methodologies and practices 

Email: burlachenko.kosta@gmail.com       - Strong verbal and written communication skills, excellent interpersonal skills

	                                                  -  Managed projects independently and effectively contributed as a team member   	

	                                                  - High level of self-motivation, quick learner of new technologies

	                                                  - Excellent analytical-reasoning and problem-solving skills

	                                                  - Detail oriented with the ability to see big picture

		 

SKILLS

Operating Systems:  Windows, macOS 

Mobile Platform:       iOS, Android OS 

Programming:            SQL, HTML/CSS 

Test Automation:      Selenium WebDriver, QTP/UFT

Networking:                HTTP, TCP/IP

Virtualization:            Oracle Virtual Box, VMware Workstation 

Bug Trucking:            JIRA, HP ALM, Bugzilla

Browsers:                    Chrome, Safari, IE, Opera, Firefox

WORK Experience	

NVP Software 	San Mateo, CA

QA Specialist      	 October 2016 – current

	Tested Social Media App for Android and iOS platforms 

	Analyzed all available requirement and specification

	Participated in test planning: identified testing objectives, scope, assumptions 

	Solely responsible for test case development/maintenance, test execution  

	Utilized Android Studio/ADB and xCode for testing activities 

	Used functional and non-functional testing techniques: 

	Exploratory, functionality, error handling/negative, interruption, network/connectivity testing

	compatibility, UI/UX, recovery, performance testing

	Utilized Jira to report, verify issues and to track their status

	Used Charles Proxy to peek and analyze the network requests and responses

	Participated in daily standup meetings, documentation review, risk analyses 

	Apple,Inc.                           		   						 Sunnyvale, CA

QA Tester	       July 2016 – September 2016 

	Performed testing of apple.com 

	Analyzed projects documentation, identified application’s bottlenecks and possible corner cases

	Successfully managed team efford on projects: team communication, work distribution and prioritization 

	Worked under strict/aggressive deadlines

	Conducted functionality, UI/Usability, connectivity testing

	Analyzing HTML/CSS and JavaScript code using Web Inspector 

	Executed Apple proprietary front­end test automation scripts, analyzed and reported results 

	Performed compatibility testing on various platforms and devices: OS X and Windows, iOS and Android

	Identified, customized, and executed applicable TC and filed issues in in-house TC/BugTrucking management tool

	Completed accessibility testing on web browsers and mobile devices 

	Performed localization testing for different locales web releases on multiply browsers and devices  

	Ensured the successful delivery of a quality product by performing exploratory and structured tests on daily basis

	Participated in QA walkthrough and daily standup meetings 

	Lime Blast Studios	 								   San Jose, CA

QA Analyst       	 March 2014 – May 2016

	Tested Mobile apps/games for Android 

	Created checklist/high-level test cases   

	Conducted functionality, UI/Usability, connectivity testing

	Utilized Bugzilla to report issues and to track their status

	Participated in daily standup meetings, documentation review, risk analyses 

Bay Motors, Inc.	San Mateo, CA

Desktop Support        	April 2007 – February 2014

													Responsible for desktop support, network and fax/printers connectivity

													Installation and support of software, as well as various software troubleshooting support 

													Improved system performance by identifying problems; recommended changes.

													

Education and training 

2004	BS in Engineering Management, National University of Shipbuilding, Nikolaev,Ukrane\n
Peter Gathua



Work Experience:



Freddie Mac	                                                                                                                               December 2013 - Present 

Oracle SOA Architect / Middleware Engineer

Key Work Experience:

The current tasks involve Oracle SOA architect, general middleware engineering revolving around Oracle SOA Suite, OSB and leading effort to move the middleware engineering department to cloud services.

Design and development of datacenter automation solutions. (Configuration of custom VM images, integration of cloud hosted environment to internal datacenter, and automated self-provisioning of middleware, database and webservers on virtualized environment). Use Java /grails 2 for user facing infrastructure and middleware request portal. 

Introduce Chef for DevOps (scripted infrastructure and servers configuration and deployment in the cloud as well as onsite in a versioned repeatable fashion). 

Enable seamless integration of cloud to onsite datacenters



Global Investments , Northern Trust Bank	                                                        September  2012 - October 2013

Sr. BPM and Integration Developer  

Key Work Experience:

Led various design and Integration efforts around Oracle SOA/OSB 11G and IBM BPM 8.0.1;

Utilized skills on both the Oracle and IBM software stacks to advise management and the Bank’s solutions architects on best practices and best way forward in matters of integrating their Oracle SOA Suite 11G based SOA layer to the IBM BPM stack. 

Functioned as a Java services developer or BPM developer as needed. 



DHS/ICE - OCIO Modernization Project						   June 2008 - May 2012

Sr. Software Architect / Developer / Operations & Maintenance Middleware Engineer

Key Work Experience:

The current tasks involve architecture design and develop of ICE applications. Currently working on the Visa Security Program (VSP) and Law Enforcement Centralized Access Development (LECAD).  VSP is a business process management application used for (vetting and screening) of US Entry Visa application cases at embassies and consulates (posts) around the world. The application connects to other systems at various agencies to gather vetting data. This data is used in the decision-making workflow and a recommendation is made on each case to department of state to issue or refuse the Visa. The findings of each investigation are also returned with the recommendation.

IBM WebSphere software stack specialist – help with configuration ranging from WAS network deployment cluster installation, Process Server, Integration, (BPM, WID), systems administration and deployment/apps troubleshooting. 

Assist the project chief architect with systems architecture and design. Assist and mentor the development team on development tasks especially those involving working with the Enterprise Integration Services (EIS) layer.

Configure IBM MQ Series to communicate with WebSphere Appserver and set up inter-agency security via IBM DataPower network appliance firewall proxy configuration and security policies.

Implement SPENGO/TAI single sign on for VSP. Specify the configuration necessary to use windows client SPENGO authentication to MS Active Directory Server with WebSphere App Server running on Red Hut Linux 5.X (Samba installed to enable the WAS Linux server to act as a client to the primary windows domain controller)

Current Environment is the full stack of IBM WebSphere products backed by Oracle Databases and Java JEE.

Created IBM Infosphere datastage ETL (extract-transform-load) scripts to migrate existing historical data into the new VSP schema to enable better analysis and reporting. Involved setting up complex data pipelines and writing custom data transformation logic.

Develop major portions of the application using Java EE, Assist on LECAD to develop a visual linking tool (VLT) utilizing Adobe Flash Builder 4.5.  The VLT Queries back-end web services for data on a subject, and then finds relationships in the data that it then displays on the main canvas using a hub and spoke model showing incidents, locations, persons etc and their relationship to the subject at the hub of the wheel. The tool is used to find non-obvious relationships in datasets housed in multiple law enforcement source repositories. Prior unique experience on a similar initiative was brought to bear on this effort and led to my role on LECAD project.



NY Stock Exchange - Euronext                                                                                                October  2007 - April 2008 

Sr. Software Lead Engineer on the Operations Support Group

Key Work Experience:

The task involved design and development of the NYSE Rules Tracker application based on Java/ J2EE, Spring framework, Spring web MVC, Hibernate 3, XML Web services and Adobe Flex 3 Rich Internet Client. 

The application is based on IBM WebSphere 6.1 application server, Sybase Database v12.5 and tracks NYSE regulatory rules development and submission to the SEC workflow. It also managed the associated approval process.



Lockheed Martin, Corp.,                                                                    		                    May 2006 - September 2007

Sr. Architect and Software Engineer on the ERA NARA Project

Key Work Experience:

The Electronic Records Archives (ERA) system for the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). ERA is a CMMI level 5 project. System will capture and preserve the electronic records of the federal government, regardless of format, ensure hardware and software independence, and provide access to the American public and Federal officials for the life of the Republic. 

As a senior member of the Architecture team, my responsibilities include the Systems Software Set Up and Applications Architecture and Design. 

Utilized technologies based around Oracle Database 10g clusters, BEA WebLogic Platform 9.X, SOA (Service Oriented Architecture), Web Services, XML based (A)synchronous Messaging on JMS server, Business Process Orchestration BPEL Workflows, loosely coupled Portal and Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) based on XML Web services. Enterprise Service Bus (ESB), Enterprise Content Management utilizing EMC Documentum content management stack 5.3 

Architecture and Prototyping tools include Tomcat, WebLogic eclipse plugins for Hibernate, Struts, WebLogic page flows framework and the Spring Framework, Borland Star Team and Architect toolset. Application deployment environment consists of Linux and Unix systems.

Implemented Core Java based services such as integrity seal on documents, package decomposition and manifest verification service, security classification scanning service, etc.



Northrop Grumman, Corp.,                                                                          		                   July 2005 - May 2006

Product Release Manager and Sr. LInX Software Engineer

Key Work Experience: 

The Law Enforcement Information Exchange (LInX). Provides a way for inter-agency data and knowledge sharing and can lead to easier identification and resolution of criminal or potential terrorist activity. 

Mainly responsible for vendor relationship and release schedule and production builds of LInX system, and Index database administration (patching, upgrades, and backup / restore).

Technologies used include Oracle 9i, BEA WebLogic platform 8.1, Java J2EE, EJB, Artificial Intelligence based on Ontology to conceptualize and describe relationships that exist in the vast law-enforcement sourced databases. Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) to visualize relationships inherent in the data, and discover hidden links and associations between people, places and incidents. XML based web services using SOAP, WSDL, XACML, and SAML standards to integrate data from other agencies such as FBI’s R-DEX data.

Responsible for leading the building and testing the Free Text Search ontology based database. 



SRA International, Inc., 							        November 2003 - July 2005

Sr. Software Engineer

Key Work Experience: 

Global Directory Services (GDS). Responsible for Systems Integration and the design and development of Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), web services and LDAP related GDS applications. Also responsible of development of Standard Operating Procedures, Installation instructions and general support for the applications. 

Interface with customer to define and collect requirements for new software systems or enhancements to existing systems. Works with LDAP directory servers and web application servers.  Worked with the DoD Net-Centric Initiative, on Oracle 10g, XML based web services using SOAP, WSDL, XACML, SAML standards. Worked with primarily Java J2EE technologies, deployed on Unix.



American Council of Life Insurers, Washington DC,                                     		May 2002 - March 2003

Sr. Developer and Project Manager

Key Work Experience:

Designed and developed custom SQL scripts to be used to clean up the data in the IMIS CRM packages’ backend schema. Developed MS SQL Integration services custom ETL scripts to do bulk data loads into the IMIS database. Database Administration duties included Design and Implementation of a backup and restore plan and Performance tuning the Enterprise production Microsoft SQL Server 2000 database instance.

Developed a new rules engine and billing and invoicing application for ACLI that replaced an existing application. Was responsible for writing a scalable, maintainable system that could be easily modified to meet new regulations enacted in congress. The system was estimated to have saved ACLI hundreds of thousands of dollars.

Designed and implemented an XML based system for data interchange within the Life Insurance Industry. Worked in conjunction with StateNet Corporation to define a standard XML Schema (XSD) to be used by the ACLI industry group of 450 companies nationwide. Developed an application to validate and load XML data feeds into any schema based on an xml-mapping file. 



Department Of Natural Resources, Washington State  		               November 2000 - January 2002

Sr. Web Applications Developer and Team Lead

Key Work Experience: 

Architected and led development of the FPARS application. FPARS tracts forestry activity provides workflow for the forestry permit application processes and allows Inspectors to review and manage Commercial forestry practices and track tract ownership and leases. Further, the application integrates to the states financial system to automatically feed it tax relevant data. A notification module notifies the pertinent government officials via e-mail based on configurable event triggers. A notification history-viewing module allows users to review previous notifications and retrieve any past notices of interest. FPARS also includes a full search capability on 17 different input criteria. 

Integrated the FPARS java, J2EE based system with Oracle Geographical Information System (GIS) map info system as well as OTG document management software that includes full image scanning, annotations, digitizing for electronic storage. These images and maps are later retrieved and viewed directly via the FPARS system.

Was responsible for Mentoring and training DNR Staff on Java JSP, and EJB development, WebLogic and Oracle App server development and administration.



Investor Services, TD Waterhouse Securities Corp			   	     January 2000 - October 2000 

Sr. Web Applications Developer

Key Work Experience:

Led Team of 5 developers that developed ‘Broker Console’ corporate portal. Wrote Oracle 8i PL/SQL stored procedures, EJB middle Tier components deployed on BEA WebLogic Server.  JSP, HTML, Java and Java Script were used to develop the presentation tier. This portal was designed to be the broker’s main workspace, integrating research and customer service into a single interface. The system was also tied in to Siebel CRM system.



New Boston Systems (Sapphire Technologies)			                     June 1998 - December 1999 Financial Database Applications Developer

Key Work Experience:

As an employee of Sapphire, I worked at clients including Bankers Trust (Duetsche Bank) as part of an EDS (Electronic Data Systems, Plano, TX) Team that did Y2K certification of critical brokerage applications. I also worked as a development DBA on the EDS Vendor2000 website, and later helped to performance tune the site.

Worked at SG Cowen, NY in their back office operations (CAGE department), on development Team to design and develop the Sybase SQL Server based Operational Data store that supports the reporting function of the back-office systems (Trade settlements). 

Prepared extensive analysis and user interviews to identify functional needs. 

Extracted data from the Oracle corporate data warehouse and loaded the data into the data store.  

Worked on ASP and COM based reports distribution component on the same project. 

Developed Adhoc analytical reports for use in the cage department to track errors in trade.

	

Hunter Green Associates                                                             		                          October 1996 - May 1998

Systems Administrator and Applications Developer

Key Work Experience:

As an employee of Hunter green, I worked on projects at clients including MasterCard International and Merrill Lynch on projects ranging from Human Resources Applications database, to a Fixed Income trades system. My duties included database design and development, Client Server development, report writing, and web development.



Education:


BS in Computer Science and Numerical Analysis.  Graduated: Summa Cum Laude

William Paterson University – Wayne, NJ



MS (Financial Engineering)

Stevens Institute of Technology – Hoboken, NJ.



Part-time Graduate student – MS CS, 2016 Projected

Harvard University – Cambridge, MA

Skills:

Sun Certified Enterprise Architect for JAVA J2EE, since 2002  (Architecture, Design and Development)

IBM Certified Integration Developer - Business Process Manager V 7.5 Advanced: (Process Designer, Integration Designer -WID, Process Server-WPS, Process Center, and WebSphere Enterprise Service Bus –WESB). 

IBM Certified BPM Developer - WebSphere Lombardi Edition V7.2 

IBM WebSphere Server Network Deployment Installation and Administration.

IBM WebSphere DataPower SOA Appliance XI50. 

IBM MQ-Series and Message broker installation and administration and development.

IBM Tivoli Identity Management Server stack. (Directory etc)

In memory distributed caching (Coherence – formerly Tangosol)

Oracle Service Oriented Architecture Infrastructure Implementation Certified Expert

Oracle BPM formerly: BEA AquaLogic ALBPM (BPM) Development.

Oracle Service Bus (OSB) – Administration and (Design, Integrate services), OWSM, UDDI 

BEA WebLogic Integration Server development and administration.

BEA WebLogic Server 6.0 – 11.x Deployment and Server Administration.

Oracle SOA Suite 11g / Oracle BPM Suite - Business Process Management Software development.

Oracle Fusion Middleware - Composite SOA applications development for the Oracle ADF environment

Microsoft Visual Studio .Net (C# and VB.Net). Prior Versions 6 (Visual InterDev and ASP/VB 6) 

Microsoft Internet Information Server IIS, Basic Unix and Linux Systems Administration

Oracle Database Server 7.3-11g Administration. And development  (PLSQL)

Microsoft SQL Server/ Sybase System 10/11  (T-SQL development) and Administration.

Good knowledge of network technology, security and components such as routers, switches, servers.

Web & Enterprise content management. EMC Documentum 5.X, JOOMLA 1.7, Wordpress.

Parallel and cloud computing. Demonstrated knowledge of Amazon AWS SDK, Cloud computing around Hadoop and related toolsets (PIG, HIVE, R, MAHOOT, HBASE, SCOOP, FLUME), Cloudera CDH 4.X; Graduate research focus is around [Effective and Efficient Enterprise Workflow Automation] with emerging technologies.



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Peter Gathua	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 6\n
b'1/5/2017 My Account I Careers4Terps @ University Career Center & The Presidents Promise\n\nMy Account\n\nUN|V099 - INTERNSHIP SEMINAR\n\nWork Term\nSpring 2017\n\nSTUDENT INFORMATION FORM\n\nUniversity ID#\n1 14280145\n\nStudenl Name\nKanishka Ramamoorthy\n\nPreferred Email Address\n\nkanishkaumd@gmail.com\n\nPhone Number\n\n2405501235\n\nCurrem Mailing Address\n\n3413 Tulane drive, Adelphi road\nApt no.31, Hyattsville, Maryland - 20783\n\nGender\n\nFemale\n\nCitizenship Status\n\nOther\n\nIf other, please list country of residency\n\nUnited States\n\nhttps:l/umdcsm.symplicity,comlsludentslindex.php?_dc _print=1&pi1nl_v=1483648996 1/4'b"1/5/2017\n\nMy Account | Careers/Harps @ University Career Center 8. The Presidents Promise\n\nWages/Salary\n\n14\n\nDid you receive other benets (parking, housing, etc)?\nno\n\nLEARNING CONTRACT\n\nTotal 4f Weeks\n1500\n\nHours Per Week\n1 5\n\nTotal Hours at Site\n\n0.00\n\nlist your specific job responsibllties\n\na. Actively participate in learning opportunities from subject matter experts\n\nb. Construct solutions to priority technical related project tasks such as application\ndevelopment, help desk application design and implementation, development of knowledge\nmanagement and analysis of large data sets to advance business capability and expand\nknowledge base\n\nc. Demonstrate problem solving skills and ask clarifying questions\n\nd. Develop a rapport with fellow interns and engage with Paradyme employees\n\ne. Devise and defend the best solution to complex problems\n\nf. Practice public speaking skills\n\n9. Engage in learning lunches with Paradyme Executive, Project, and Corporate staff\n\nWhat do you expect to learn from the internship?\n\nI believe that my internship experience will provide ample learning opportunities to build my\nproblem solving skills. I wish to use my knowledge to accelerate decision making and\npromote revenues by enabling the organization to develop new insights, detect and fix\nproblems at their nascent stage and gain competitive advantage. I would be able to put my\nanalytical skills to practical use by analyzing the organization's datasets.\n\nHow does this apply to your career goals7\n\nIwish to pursue a career as a consultant in the eld of Business Intelligence and Data\nAnalytics. Consultants need to possess strong interpersonal and communication skills.\nApart from the analytical knowledge that I would gain through the internship I would also like\nto use to this opportunity to build my interpersonal skills which will be very useful to build\nmy professional career.\n\nhttps://umdcsm.symplicity.comlstudents/index.php?_dojrint=1&print_v=1483648996 3/4"b"1/5/2017 My Account I CareersATerps @ Universily Career Center a The President's Promise\n\nSludem Learning Contracl Signature\nKanishka Ramamoorthy\n\nNACEzlink NACElink Network is a collaboration between NACE, Symplicity, DireclEmployers and your\n\n('ARLER .sl'RVIl'Li mwmzu college/university.\nPrivacy Policy | Terms of Use\n\nhp53/lumdcsm.symplicityroom/students/index.php?_d0J>rim=1&pnnt_v=1483648996 4/4"b"1/5/2017 My Account | Careers4Terps @ University Career Center & The President's Promise\n\nClass Standing\nGraduate Student\n\nMajor\nInformation Studies (iSchooI)\n\nINTERNSHIP INFORMATION\n\nEmployer\nParadyme Management, Inc.\n\nNew Employer\n\nSelect Internship Position (If found through Careers4Terps)\nCorporate Technical Analyst (143585)\n\nIf you found your internship outside of CareerSATerps, please enter the name/title here\n\nInternship Site Address\n9111 Edmonston Rd. Suite 400, Greenbelt, MD 20770\n\nSupervisor Name I\nNoah Parker WV\nSupervisor Title\n\nTraining and Development Manager\n\nSupervisor Email\n\nnparker@garadymemanagement.com\n\nSupervnsor's Phone\n\n301.220.1345\n\nStart Date\nFebruary 6, 2017\n\nEnd Date\nMay 19, 2017\n\nCompensation Type\n\nPaid\n\nhttp51/lumd-csm.sympIicity.com/Students/index.php?_do_print=1&print_v=1483648996 2/4"\n
Ida Hampton

Email: idahampton@vftree.com

Cell: 252-966-0203





Professional Summary:



Having 6+ Experience working as QA Engineer for Software Development and Testing life Cycle including preparation of Test Strategies, Test Plans, Test Cases, Test summary reports for both Web and Client/Server applications. 

Experience in Performance Testing of Web Applications using Jmeter. 

Experience in Test Management, Bug Tracking and Reporting System. 

Experience with Quality Center and worked with Requirements, Test Plan, Test Lab and Defects Manager. 

Hands on experience on White Box Testing, Black Box Testing, Positive and Negative Testing, Data Driven Testing, Performance Testing, Load Testing, Stress Testing, Regression Testing, Smoke Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, Functional Testing and User Acceptance Testing 

Strong in writing SQL statements to perform backend testing using SQL Server Management Studio, TOAD and MYSQL. 

Extensive experience in Performance (JMeter), Functional (Automated test cases), Negative, 

Regression, System Integration (SIT), Acceptance (UAT), Browser Compatibility Testing. 

Good understanding of object oriented programming, C++ and JAVA. 

Experienced in working on various domain including Life sciences,Banking and Financials. 

Extensive work experience in different QA Methodologies, Quality Assurance Life Cycle (QALC), Test Driven Development (TDD) Environments and AGILE Methodology projects (SCRUM and XP). 

Experience in client interaction, understanding Business Applications, Business Data Flow and Data Relations. 

Experience in validation of WebServcies request and response xml using SOAPUI tool. 

Expertise in using various automation test tools like Selenium, SOAP UI, Jmeter and HP Quality Center. 

Good Communication and Interpersonal skills. Innovative & efficient. Capable of working as a Team Member or Individually with minimum supervision. Ability to adapt to new environment, manage workload.		





Selenium Tester								        November 2014 to Present

Cell Sciences - Newburyport, MA



Responsibilities:

Project is implemented in agile methodology. 

Participated in Sprint planning and grooming session to discuss about the story requirements. 

Involved in functional testing, developed a complete module matrix for system integration testing. 

Successfully designed, developed and implemented a complete regression testing for the entire system. 

Launch of new web site and involved with the look and feel testing of all the web pages, Top Side, Bottom navigation, category pages, login page, checkout page. Also, performed extensive Regression testing with each modification. 

Participated in requirements gathering and code reviews 

Developed and maintained Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) 

Worked with the team and resolved the requirement gaps 

Created test cases based on requirements and also based on prototypes 

Used Quality Center to save and maintain test cases 

Performed the data validation to meet all test condition requirements. 

Identified UI changes and their potential impacts to existing tests. 

Extensively used Linux for debugging to check log file to capture the errors 

Tested compatibility of application/site with Internet Explorer, Firefox and Safari 

Log/report Bugs/Defects using JIRA bug tracking tool with the details to reproduce the same 

Participated in Daily Scrum meeting, Stand-up meeting, walkthrough meeting, weekly assessment meetings with business analysts and developers. Involved in Integration, Functional, Regression, UAT, Backend and End-to-End testing. 

Define and maintain required Test environments and Test data. 

Identified software errors/bugs and interacted with developers to resolve technical issues. 

Prepared required documentation for testing signoff by various parties as required by the project plans. 

Performing smoke and sanity testing after every build. 

Connected to database to Query the database using SQL for data verification and validation. 

Involved in converting manual test cases into automated scripts using selenium Web Driver. 

Designed and developed framework using Page Object Model framework for creating Object repository using Java, TestNG, and Selenium Web Driver.. 

Design, develop and implement Hybrid Driven automation testing framework utilizing Java, TestNG and Selenium Web Driver. 

Developed Test Frameworks in Selenium for UI Regression Test Automation and when necessary, and potentially execute Unit Test Automation (Java /TestNG) 

Developed automation scripts using Selenium Web Driver for smoke tests and regression tests. 

Experience in developing automated test scripts using selenium, Performed Data driven test for testing the application with multiple set of data using selenium. 

Created Selenium test automation framework based on UI Mapping property files 

Ran tests by using Selenium remote control in different browsers 

Used firebug to identify object's ids, Name, XPaths, links in the application 

Used Actions and Action classes for performing Keyboard and Mouse events 

Integrated TestNG with Selenium using Eclipse to generate test execution result 

Designed data-driven testing framework using Selenium and captured data dynamically from web controls. 

Tested mobile commerce applications like registering, purchases, billing and checkout. 

Developing Appium Scripts for native Android/IOS Apps using Java. 

Identifying Objects of App using UI Automator tool for Android and Appium Inspector for IPhone. 

Participated in developing common Appium framework for both Android and IOS. 

Tested product features, user interface and user end to end scenarios for different mobile platforms (iOS and Android) 

Performed Simulator/Emulator testing for iPhone and Android App using Eclipse and Xcode 

Used different types of virtual devices (Emulator and Simulator) and real devices for test cases validation. 

Executing the test plans on web and mobile (iOS & Android) as per requirement 

Implemented simulator for Mobile App Testing in Android Platform using Appium 

Used Appium for mobile app testing Android and iOS, Integrated Appium for distributing tests on the cloud 

Used iOS simulator (on xCode) to make sure the app works on all devices and there no UI issues 

Used Android SDK and set up mobile device Emulator to test application and to get log files 

Managed Test results and defects using JIRA defect tracking tool.



Environment: .NET, SQL Server 2012, Windows 7, Selenium Webdriver, Eclipse, TestNG, Jira, QC





QA Engineer								  February 2012 to August 2014

Brand Informatics - Rockville, MD



Responsibilities:



Worked in the Agile (SCRUM) environment involving a rigorous release Sprint of 2 weeks 

Analyzed functional requirements and developed detailed test cases in MS Excel 

Performed Back End Testing by executing SQL queries and verifying the data returned 

Created SQL Queries for manual back-end testing using T-SQL 

Performed GUI testing, System Testing, Integration Testing & Acceptance level Testing 

Executed Web services testing using SOAP UI 

Created MOCKS for web services testing 

Performed performance tests for various APIs using SOAP UI 

Expertise in API Testing using Soap UI. 

Testing of Web Services using web services client generated using SOAP UI to track request and response SOAP Messages 

Used SOAP UI tool to test SOA based architecture application to test SOAP services and REST API. 

Used SOAP UI tool to validate data in backed or server. Worked extensively on XML documents. 

Performed SOA services testing including WSDL, XML, and SOAP messaging using Soap UI, XML spy. 

Validated SOAP response using various Assertions such as XPath, Contains, SOAP Fault. 

Conducted functional, integration and regression testing of Web Services using Soap UI. 

Performed GUI smoke/sanity tests and regression tests for each test cycle, build and release 

Wrote UAT test plan immediately after the requirement have been finalized 

Involved in planning the UAT with Business Analyst for Business owner 

Involved in the development of RTM (Requirements Traceability Matrix) for completeness and correctness of the Testing process 

Performing Black Box and Regression Testing 

Discussed outstanding bugs with various teams and third party stakeholders. 

Updated existing test cases and designing new test for new features and better test coverage 

Log/report Bugs/Defects using JIRA bug tracking tool with the details to reproduce the same



Environment: J2EE, Oracle 10g, SOAP UI, Jira, Mobile testing.

















QA Tester								    July 2010 to December 2011

United Services Automobile Association



Responsibilities:



Analyzed requirements (written and oral) to derive test plans, test estimates, scripts, and reports 

Creating Test conditions and Scenarios 

Ensured all test plans, test cases and documentation were traceable to original requirements. 

Mapping the Scenarios to the Requirements in Quality Center and creation of requirement traceability Matrix (RTM) 

Developed the test cases for the authenticated login for the member and the MSR's 

Updating the system test status in the daily scrum 

Dashboard updates for the test team 

Extensively involved in testing the online payments for the premium 

Extensively involved in testing the online purchase of the new policy 

Execution of system test cases 

Automated test cases for GUI, Functionality and Regression Testing using QTP 

Storing manual and automated tests and their result in Mercury Quality Center 

Inserted checkpoints where needed, to compare the current behavior of the application being tested to its behavior in the earlier version. 

Developed and maintained Selenium automation Framework 

Built a detailed Data Driven Automation Framework for Web testing test cases using Selenium 

Extensively used Selenium XPath and CSS locators to test the web application. 

Performed browser validations across operating systems by verifying the visual presentations, alignment, design and accuracy of links. 

Experience in working agile SCRUM model. 

Developed and executed SQL queries in the database to conduct Data integrity testing by checking the data tables on the server. 

Involved in weekly walkthroughs and inspection meetings, to verify the status of the testing effort and the project. 

Supported Development team to handle miscellaneous release time issues. 

Successfully Completed User Acceptance Testing (UAT) on each release of the project with the help of end user requirements. 

Developed Web Client Test Cases based on Business Rules. 

Performed functional, negative, positive, Integration, Regression, End to End and User Acceptance Testing. 

Involved in creating the test plan, test cases from User Stories. 

Engaged in framework enhancements, code reviews and maintaining deliverable quality.. 

Participated in Integration, System, Smoke Testing. 

Tested critical bug fixes and coordinated with developers in release of bug fixes meeting tight timeline. 

Involved in Release support - Release to QA, involved in environment setup, testing the release process. 

Identified the initial setup, input data, appropriate steps and the expected responses in the manual test cases. 

Involved in writing load scripts using Apache Jmeter. 

Validated the data from Front End to Back End tables in Oracle Database 

Performed User Interface Testing, Integration testing and System Testing 

Logging and keeping in track of defects in Jira. 

Prepared user documentation with screenshots for UAT (User Acceptance testing). 

Participated QA weekly meetings and various other meetings and discussed Enhancement and Modification Request issues and defects in the application. 

Actively participated in walk-through, inspection, review and user group meetings for quality assurance with BAs, SMEs and Developers.



Environment: eCommerce Java application, Oracle 9i, Manual Testing, Selenium Driver, Quality Center, Jira and Windows 7.\n
David Tarcza

Contact: (cell) 301-473-0563 (email) dtarcza@umd.edu

Education

Bachelor of Science, Business Marketing	             		                            Expected Graduation: May 2018      

University of Maryland: College Park                                                                                 Deans List: Spring 2015

Robert H. Smith School of Business							             GPA: 3.1

Work Experience

University Recreation and Wellness College Park, MD Fitness Staff                              August 2015-present

Enforced rules and regulations within the Recreation Center

Greeted and supported patrons

Ensured safety and demonstrated proper exercise technique

McDonald’s Brunswick, MD Crew Member 				        May 2013-September 2014

Received excellent performance reviews and feedback from supervisors

Demonstrated teamwork skills working in an award-winning franchisee

Mastered all facets of the crew member job duties

Developed customer service, food preparation, and sanitation skills

Hollister Co. Frederick, MD Model/Brand Ambassador    			               June 2014-August 2015

Displayed attention to detail and organizational precision

Showcased apparel and represented the brand

Led recruiting trips for new employees

Managed the cash register and stocked product

Extracurricular Activities

Club Track and Field Assistant Social Chair								

Team record holder(6’5”) and state champion in the high jump

Qualified and competed at Division 1 meets, led club in points scored

Mentored, created training plans, and coached high jumpers with Vector Elite Track Club

Sports Business Society Member

Attended seminars and events relating to sports

Pursuing my passions of business and sport

Skills: Computer: MS Word, MS Power Point, Social Media. Red Cross CPR, AED, and First Aid certified.

Languages: Basic in Spanish\n
Cameron Somers
781.915.8582 | csomers515@gmail.com 20
Leonard Road, Sharon MA, 02067

EDUCATION
University of Maryland | College Park,

September 2013 â December 2016

Major: Candidate for B.S in Economics, Concentration in Finance and Data Analytics, Minor in Entrepreneurship Tech
Cumulative GPA: 3.75/4.0
Awards: Deans List, Keller Family TerpStart Endowed Scholarship in Economics

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
AXA Advisors
Financial Consulting Intern
2016
Analyzed financial information obtained from clients to determine strategies, products and services to help clients meet
their financial objectives
Provided information/education to clients about the purpose and details of financial products, services and strategies.
Built and maintained client base, kept client plans up-to-date and acquired new clients on an ongoing basis
Provide knowledgeable, objective financial guidance and customized strategies to consumer segments that demand high
quality service
Shadowed and assisted senior associates with creating financial plans

-

Health Policy Associates, Westwood, MA
Research/Data Analysis Intern

2015

Delegated duty of research for clinical trial management system that critically served over 25 of the companyâs clients and
created both time efficiency and enhanced savings.
Conducted Extensive work with Excel, Entry point, and Tableau for the use of quantitative analysis
Collaborated with the Vice President of the Company in learning and performing C+ coding for the companies database to
extract relevant data for analysis

-

Flora Cause, Sharon MA
Financial Intern
-

2013-2014

Analyzed hundreds of vendor transactions, including purchase orders totaling over $75,000, package lists and invoices, and
worked directly with the Controller to identify discrepancies and pay off vendors
Cooperated with the CFO to update the payroll tracking and reporting MS Excel model
Performed bank reconciliations, identified and corrected bookkeeping and accounting errors
Developed strong communication and sales skills from various sales pitches and selling at vendor locations

-

LEADERSHIP AND ACTIVITIES
Delta Tau Delta | University of Maryland
Vice President / Founding Father
-

2015

Presided over weekly Administrative Board Meetings to discuss budgets, fundraising events, philanthropy events,
Coordinated with the Treasurer and managed a Budget of over $60,000 through efficient allocation of resources

-

Acquired legal status with the IRS and developed payment plans for over 70 members for assigning and collecting dues
Lead meetings with the finance committee, reviewing past activities and setting goals for the future

ADDITIONAL SKILLS AND INTERESTS
-

SPSS statistical analysis, STATA, and Basic SAS training
Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Power Point, Entry point
Tableau
Began C# and C+ coding training
Sports. Public Speaking, Writing, Debate, Poker

\n
Jared J Ross
9522 Meadows Farm Dr.
Owings Mills, MD, 21117
(443)-388-2906
jaredrossj@gmail.com

SKILLS & ABILITIES
● Microsoft Office Suite Certified
● Proficient in Java, HTML, C++, Visual Basic
● Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel, Powerpoint, Access
EDUCATION

Carver Center for Arts and Technology HS
I.T Prime
938 York Rd
Towson, MD 21204
Graduated 2014

2011

2010-2014

College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural
Sciences,College Park, Md. Major in Computer Science.
B.A. anticipated in May 2018.

WORK EXPERIENCE
● Amideast
May 2015-August 2015
○
Duties: Reformat and set up Computers
Troubleshoot issues
Assist with networking of office
● Barcoding Inc: Project Assistant
2013-2014
○
Duties: Develop apps,
Manage Amazon storefront,
Prototype new technology,
Create spreadsheets to assist in vertical market research,
Assist in creating application based solutions for customers
●

XP Lasersports:Front Desk
○
Duties: Worked the cash register,
Operated phones,
Assisted in the creation of programs

2013-2014

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
● Future Business Leaders of America- Member
2012-2014
● Paintball Club
August 2013-December 2013
● Varsity Tennis
2010-2014

REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

\n
JOSEPH L. MARCHESE
7203 Rhode Island Ave, College Park, MD 20740
Joey.L.Marchese@gmail.com

(224) 548-9668

Education:
B.S. Materials Science and Engineering
• University of Maryland, College Park, MD
• GPA: 3.4 / 4.0
• Gordon R. England Engineering Scholar
• Evelyn K. Chou Hao Endowed Scholar
• Clark School of Engineering Dean’s List

Expected May 2017
August 2016 – Present
August 2015 – May 2016
August 2015 – Present

Technical Experience:
Biomimetic Dental Composite Research
May 2016 – Present
• Produced and tested ceramic-resin dental composites of various filler substances and compositions.
• Determined the compositions and procedures for testing composites based on material intuition and past
experiments.
• Reviewed and edited potential publications detailing experimental conclusions.
University of Maryland Micro Fabrication Laboratory
January 2016 – May 2016
• Performed photolithography techniques such as thin film deposition and patterning in a clean room
environment.
• Employed the above techniques to fabricate cantilever device structures on Silicon wafers.
Experimental Materials Laboratory
August 2015 – December 2015
• Synthesized nanoparticles and used X-Ray diffraction to determine particle size and structure.
• Observed the phase transformations of polymer samples using a polarizing microscope.
• Determined thermal expansion and thermal conductivity of polymer samples using a dilatometer.
Work Experience:
House Commitee on Appropriations – Washington, DC
June 2015 – August 2015
Minority Staff Intern
• Researched and reported on government programs included in appropriations bills.
• Compiled amendment data necessary for discussion and addition into various appropriations bills.
• Analyzed and reviewed allocation reports for a wide renge of government agencies.
Contemporary Services Company – Washington, DC
May 2014 – August 2014
Event Staff
• Worked in a team setting to manage crowds at large sporting and musical events.
Athletics:
University of Maryland Football
Position: Offensive Line
• Academic All-Big Ten
• ACC Academic Honor Roll

August 2013 – December 2016
August 2014 – December 2016
August 2013 – December 2013

Activities and Affiliations:
Uplifting Athletes: Maryland Chapter
April 2014 – Present
Chapter President
• Designed events that aim to fundraise and spread awareness for research projects on rare diseases.
• Collaborated with chapter leaders from other schools on how to better achieve successful event outcomes.
University of Maryland Materials Engineering Society
January 2014 – Present
• Discussed research topics and events within the University of Maryland Materials Engineering Community.
Skills:
Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint), MATLAB, C++, Autodesk Inventor, Creo Parametric, CES Edupack,
ImageJ, Origin, VESTA.

\n
Martin M. Miller

3141 Rigsby Lane

Celina, Texas 75009

Cell (214) 906-8745

MartyMMiller@hotmail.com





Summary

A well rounded result-oriented person with extensive client interaction at all levels.  Experienced at presenting and working with executives.  Experience in the formulation of system requirements, functional specifications, workflow, testing, and implementation.  Extensive experience in turning troubled projects around, building confidence, and refocusing project efforts.  Implementing systems in the large scale hotels, Airlines, manufacturing, financial, telecommunication, government, Medicaid, Higher Education, and health care sectors.  Also has performed extensive project planning/execution, and training.  



	Expertise	



Planning/Coordinating  

Contract Management 

Strategic Planning  

Presentation Skills  

Leadership Skills 

Team Management  

Budget Management  

Financial Planning    

Customer Service  

Problem Solving  

Agile

Oracle Retail ERP

Siebel 

SalesForce 

ERM 

Oracle DBA 

MS SQL Server DBA 

Hadoop/Cloudera

Mule Soft

Informatica Cloud

IP network Management

LAN/WAN

VoIP

SAN

Private Cloud

Hybrid Cloud 

Public Cloud

IaaS/PaaS/SaaS

ServiceNow

AWS

Apache/Tomcat

VB .net 

C# .net 

C++ 

XML  

ASP .net 

HTML 

Java 

LDAP

Excel 

Access 

OpenStack

VMware

Virtualization

Windows Server 

Windows clustering 

AIX IBM P6 and P7

IBM HMC





	Experience	

 Independent consultant							        8/2013 – Present

Enterprise Architect

I was in charge of Transforming the University’s IT into a more efficient IT area.  This task took two forms the hardware and the software.  On the hardware side a private cloud was implemented.  This consisted of a Vblock, Vmax, VNX, and an Isolon solution.  From the software side it ranged from creating a data lake with Hadoop, creating reports with SAS and Tableau, implementing an enterprise service bus, thru advising how to use the CRM Salesforce Software.  The biggest challenge was getting the business and IT to agree on a solution that would fit in the budget and worked.  I established the first Data Governance board.  Implemented a Salesforce CRM, designed the process to convert all of PeopleSoft CRM into Salesforce.  Designed the integration of Salesforce to the PeopleSoft campus solution.  Designed and implemented the Salesforce to the Hadoop data lake solution using Mulesoft.

I supervised the universities databases team to correct speed issues with their Oracle and MS SQL server databases.  I first pinpointed missing indexes, next we corrected fragmented table spaces, and finally we added more memory and corrected database setting to each instance of the Oracle and MS SQL databases.  These changes reduced the response time from over 50 seconds to sub second.  

Reviewed a private Cloud at L3 Corp.  Preformed interviews with the end users as well as the system administrators gathering information from each group. Performed an in-depth analysis of the private Cloud and configuration of the VM setup for each system and what was running.  Presented this to the CIO. After the presentation, he requested a follow up with his staff and to make the changes to stabilize the system.  Also made a recommendation to add more memory to the hardware for the long term.  

Wrote a total office system for a medium size retailer.  This system was using C# and VB .net programs to control the registers as well as the backend A/R, A/P, inventory, and General ledger systems.  

Designed and modified Salesforce CRM to take the role of what Siebel CRM was performing at a major hotel chain.  Created a Siebel CRM conversion to Salesforce CRM then removed Siebel and trained users in using Salesforce.  Integrated Salesforce screens into the customer web pages.  Used the Mulesoft solution to integrate the customer’s data and the Salesforce platform together.

Performed an upgrade of the State Of Oregon Siebel system to allow their call center to be added to the existing Siebel system.  We used TIBCO to interface the current systems in to Siebel. 

IBM										         4/2008 – 8/2013

																Enterprise Architect

Designed and modified Salesforce CRM to take the role of what Siebel CRM was performing at six different companies.  Created a Siebel CRM conversion to Salesforce CRM then removed Siebel and integrated Salesforce into the backend systems at each company.  Used Informatica to drive the integration on two installations, Mulesoft on another 3, and used WSO2 on the last one.  

															Setup IBM’s Cloud solution and roll out.

Created the plans to move multiple clients from their data centers to public and private Clouds at IBM.  Managed the teams to complete these plans.  Worked with the sales staff and presented to CIO’s the solution on moving their companies to the Cloud. 

Worked with a Networking client to design and implement a private Cloud for their enterprise system in Denver. It took three months from when I arrived there to when the system was delivered and implemented.  The CIO and CEO commended me and my team for the smooth delivery of the system.  This design included a DR/Performance test site in California.

Worked with a hybrid Cloud at a utility company.  After analyzing both sides of the Cloud, I determined the problem was on the public side and how the database and node/system was setup and the memory allocated to the SGA area of the Oracle database.  Once it was resolved, the client was happy. 

Managed a large team of over 75 DBA’s, application programmers, and systems administrators.  These teams controlled the upgrades of Siebel CRM system.  The team tackled not only the software upgrades but the hardware upgrades. 

															Manage the installation of Oracle ERP system. Dealt with the customer and customer support issues, vendors, project accounting, managing the subcontractors, resource management, software deployment and hardware deployment. 

															Created a disaster recover/system test site for Juniper Networks.  This site function as a system test site or disaster recover site depending on what was requested.  Worked with the teams to do a cutover from production to DR site in less than 2 hrs.  Worked with the team to create auto startup scripts so no human intervention was needed if failover occurred.

															Cleaned up the architecture of the system hardware/backup, and memory on a 17 tb Oracle db. Setup a disaster recovery site for the client.    

Citigroup									         2/2006 – 4/2008

													Director of CRM Application  

													Managed the SFA group of 45 onshore / offshore consultants and internal employees.  

													This position required dealing with the customer, customer support issues, vendors, project accounting, managing the consultant, subcontractors, resource management, and software development.  

EDS										         9/2001 – 2/2006

	Director of CRM Practice 

	Responsible for business development, marketing, sales, and delivery for the CRM & BI practice within EDS Americas.  

	This position required the ability to sell a concept at the C-Level then implement that concept as well as creating a budget and managing to that budget.  

	Performed vendor negotiations and managed this relationship throughout the contract.  Project size varied from as little as two people for 3 months to as many as 110 people for a year.  

	These projects dealt with various vendors (hardware, software, and consultants) depending on the need.  A few of the clients were the State of Tennessee, CSAA, Extreme Networks, GM and Saturn.

	Was the driver in setting up the Siebel competency center at EDS.

Siebel Systems									          4/1997 – 1/2001

Practice Manager 

													Responsible for selling professional services and demonstrating the Siebel software to the C-Level executives.  

													My territory was Texas and surrounding states, with a quota of 3 million per quarter.

													Responsible for managing multiple account installations from purchase to production and beyond.  This position required the use of management skills, hardware knowledge, and network administration skill.  

													Worked at many enterprise data development shops that had very complex environments that need a solution to handle their call center transactions.  

													Presented a Siebel technical presentation to over 1,000 attendees at Compaq’s 10th anniversary systems engineering conference. 

													Produced a white paper on installing Siebel using Oracle on using NT Server.  Also wrote a white paper on how to install Siebel and Resonate on a Windows NT cluster server 2000.  Was the “goto Architect” when the client needed a solution that was out of the normal.

	Was the driver in setting up the “Telephone Companies”, “Call Center”, “Field Service”, and “Oil and Gas” compatancy centers at Siebel. 

Education

Bachelor of Science Computer Science Applied 

	Northern Illinois University

2







1\n
Charles Crook

11823 Middlebury Drive

Tampa, Florida 33626

(813) 818 4567

Education:

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Purdue University

Certified BEA WebLogic 8.1 System Administrator

Experience:



2009 – 2017 - Bright House Networks / Charter Communications

	(Mar 2009 – Sep 2009 as consultant for Veredus)

Tampa, Florida

Installed, configured and administered Fusion Middleware 9/10/11/12, Weblogic 9/10/11/12 on RedHat versions 5 and 6 across a server farm of 55 virtual machines.   Configured two-way SSL for Weblogic 9/10/11/12 domains, generating server and client x509 certificates.  Assisted internal and external clients with connectivity, SSL configuration and troubleshooting.  Applied and coordinated PCI vulnerability resolutions onto Weblogic 12 domains.  Migrated Development/QA/Staging/Production environments from Soa Suite 10g to Soa Suite 11 to Fusion Middleware 12.  Migrated Weblogic and JVM versions.   Provided on-call / Tier 3 troubleshooting and support.  Deployed service / composite configurations onto Fusion Middleware.  Configured JMS messaging systems for internal and external message consumption.



2005 -2006 Citigroup

Jul 2006 Dec 2008 as Citigroup / Sr. Applications Dev. Spec )

(Dec 2005 Jun 2006 as consultant for Ajilon Consulting)

Citigroup Corporate Architecture Technology Engineering

Tampa, Florida

Developed WebLogic cluster configuration scripting tool using Ant and Red Hat Linux. Configured and administered 16 WebLogic 8.1 application server clusters of 37 managed instances.  Designed deployment configurations for Red Hat Linux RPMs.  Configured Oracle 10.2g database schemas.  Supported installation and deployment of entitlement provisioning application.  Maintained CVS repository of delivered component artifacts.  Conducted initial acceptance testing for application upgrades.    Developed J2EE application extensions using BEA jrockit 142_08.

2004 - 2005 Datalinx Corporation

Software Engineer, Temple Terrace, Florida

Developed JMS/XML processing for telecommunications hardware monitoring using J2EE Message Driven Beans, Struts, Hibernate, DB2, and WebLogic 8.1, log4j.  Transformed XML documents within WebLogic 8.1, using XSL, XPATH, JAXP, dom4j, and XML schemas.  Configured foreign JMS servers and XML entity resolution within WebLogic 8.1 application server.  Configured applications dynamically using Java Management Extensions ( JMX ).

2002 - 2004

Freelance web development on cross-platform web projects using XHTML, CSS, JavaScript.  Developed CD-based dynamic image gallery pages using W3C standard layouts and scripting.   Provided end-user support and integration assistance.   

1997 - 2002 Nielsen Media Research

Senior Application Technical Specialist, Dunedin, Florida

Installed, configured, maintained and administered WebLogic application server.  Developed J2EE applications using EJB, JDBC, JMS, Sybase, and WebLogic.  Developed cross-platform web interfaces for advertising incidence and expenditure applications using servlets, EJBs, XHTML, CSS, DHTML, XML, and XSLT.  

Performed as the WebLogic application server administrator on multiple servers, Conducted initial installation, upgrades and patches to the WebLogic software on Solaris servers.  Configured, tuned and monitored system performance of WebLogic application servers.  Conducted stress tests of applications deployed on the WebLogic servers.  Coordinated vendor support of the WebLogic application server.  Integrated Xerces, JDOM and Xalan libraries into WebLogic applications.  Configured and monitored JDBC connection pools and EJB pools.  Provided trouble-shooting of server errors.  Configured the serversmessaging services for use by message-driven-beans and JMS development.  Developed the J2EE deployment descriptors for the deployed EJBs, web applications  and enterprise application archives.  Developed the project standards for EJB development and deployment.  Configured the Ant build utility scripts on Solaris UNIX to compile and deploy the web applications and generate the javadoc documentation.  Developed and maintained internal web sites used as central repositories of all project documentation.  Developed startup" classes for the application server for nightly maintenance tasks (expiration of users' security rights, creation / removal of temporary daily directories, purging temporary statistical tables, etc).  Created the Solaris Unix scripts which deployed the entire application from the development server to the testing server and then to the production server.

Developed cross-browser XHTML web pages, using dynamic html, JavaScript and cascading style-sheets ( CSS ) which operated on multiple "level 5" browsers ( such as Internet Explorer 5.5 & 6.0, Netscape 6.2 & 7.0, Mozilla 1.0 ).  Implemented a Model-Viewer-Controller infrastructure to create the dynamic web pages and service the submitted page requests. Created servlets which dynamically created XHTML output by using the Element Construction Set ( ECS ) library to ensure well-formed XHTML.  Created XSL style sheets which were invoked by the servlets to transform XML data to be displayed within the browser. Created and deployed Enterprise Java Beans and message driven beans.    Created java support classes which dynamically cached and invoked XSL style sheets against XML data.  Developed and maintained the application security / login architecture. 

Developed user account management application using PowerBuilder 6.5, PFC and Sybase.  Maintained and enhanced data collection and advertising reporting applications using Citrix, PowerBuilder, SQL Anywhere, Sybase.  Converted  PowerBuilder 6.5 application to PowerBuilder version 8.  Developed and maintained stored procedures and triggers in SQL Anywhere and Sybase databases.  Migrated application from 16-bit PowerBuilder 5 to 32-bit PowerBuilder 6.5 architecture.  Provided end-user technical support.  Developed remote faxing module for media reporting application using PowerBuilder 5.  

1997  MetraComp

Systems Developer, Tampa, Florida

Developed reporting applications, healthcare industry applications.  Established corporate PFC ancestor object libraries using PowerBuilder 5.0 and PFC.  Developed Microsoft SQL Server 6.0 / 6.5 stored procedures.  Conducted PFC training classes for programming staff.

1996 HealthPlan Services, Inc.

Systems Developer, Tampa, Florida

Enhanced and maintained multiple enterprise applications for third-party health plan administration using PowerBuilder, PowerTool and Sybase system 10.  Constructed Sybase stored procedures and triggers.  Developed front-end components in team development environment.

1995 Price Waterhouse LLP

Senior Programmer Analyst, Tampa, Florida

Developed and maintained time / expense reporting system for firm wide deployment to 10,000+ networked and remote users using PowerBuilder, Watcom SQL, Lotus Notes, PowerTool, PVCS.  Developed migration application to transport data between versions.  Customized PowerTool framework libraries.  Migrated PowerBuilder 3 applications to version 4.  Developed ad-hoc query module for wide area network SQL Server document imaging application.  Conducted introductory PowerBuilder training for mainframe programmers.  Assisted with end-user application support.

1994-1995  Lebhar-Friedman Corporation

Software Developer, Tampa, Florida

Designed, developed and tested ad-hoc query modules for PowerBuilder electronic publishing / marketing application for Sql Server and Novell.  Analyzed user requirements and provided technical enhancements.

1993-1994  Betac Corporation

Site Manager, Augsburg, Germany

Developed PowerBuilder applications for Oracle and Novell.  Provided technical support for 100 node network.  Installed and configured remote communications hardware and software.  Functioned as system, database and DaVinci e-mail administrator.  Tuned and maintained Oracle database.

1984-1993 US Army

Programmer / Analyst

Developed and maintained personnel applications for IBM Series-1.  Functioned as system administrator for Series-1.  Developed, maintained and installed database applications with dBase III+ and Clipper.  Designed and developed applications using Po\n
Nalaka Deegala

Professional Profile

A seasoned change management professional with 16 years of experience, providing timely industry leading solutions in all areas related to Software Configuration Management, Building and Releasing Management/Automation, Continuous Integration (CI), Continuous Delivery (CD), and DevOps. 

In the last 10 years, I have collaborated with, successful mid to large size (several Fortune 500) companies, and learn from them a multitude of methodologies, processes, tool stacks, and playing many roles, such as; CM manager, CM SME, CI/CD SME, sr. CM Consultant, CM Team Lead, to name a few.  

Core Skill Areas

Implement solutions in Agile based Software Configuration Management (source control, change tracking, and builds), continuous Integration and continuous delivery, and devops environments.

Ability to work in collaboration with management as well as technical leads to resolve critical issues that are prohibiting development. 

Create, own, manage, build and deploy environments, use tools involved, and the processes, that allows for quick release cycles, from development to each environment in the release pipeline

Use DevOps culture to break down silos, remove bottlenecks, and empower development for quick releases

Automate DevOps pipelines using appropriate tool stack 

Research, evaluate, and recommend tools that improves efficiencies.

Establish clear change tracking processes, workflows, and implement those processes using tools: TFS, JIRA, ClearQuest

Active promoter, evangelist of DevOps culture, CI/CD, and Agile

Document, present, and provide guidance on tool use, current process, policies, and best practices

Technical Skills



Methodologies:  DevOps, Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery, Agile, Test Driven Dev

Source Control: TFS (Team Foundation Server), Git-hub, ClearCase, Starteam, Perforce

Change Tracking:  TFS, JIRA, ClearQuest

DevOps and Build tools:  uDeploy, Jenkins, CruiseControl, TFS Build, Ant, Nant, 

Automation Languages:  Powershell, Batch, Perl, UNIX shell, Ant, Nant, and light SQL





Experience

Senior SCM IV/DevOps Architect					August 2016- February 2017

Leidos

Manage the Enterprise Configuration Management team for HIIS division of Leidos

Lead the effort in introducing DevOps, creating a culture, and implement multiple tool stacks for several different environments (Win, Linux).  

A founding member of the DevOps Tiger team (handle critical impediments the end goal)

Accountable for all aspects of Configuration Management and CM related DevOps, including the TFS environment (source control, change requests, builds/deployments), and the development and CM environments and their configurations

Created a fully automated CI/CD environment with DevOps as a goal, that allows faster consistent deployments to all environments

Establish, present, and implement branching strategies to resolve release and development issues

Migrate the TFS and Development environments from physical servers to the cloud

Install and configure TFS with reports

Create and modify TFS Work Items Types, customized workflows, fields, and behavior



Configuration Management Lead/ DevOps Engineer			       May 2012- October 2013

Inovalon

Design and develop a CI/CD environment, allowing faster, reliable, repeatable, traceable, releases/deliveries to all environments

Implement process changes to allow CI/CD to flourish

Introduce CI/CD to each product development team, and provide support throughout transitions

Create customized CI/CD pipelines, based on the technologies being used by each product development team

Design, document, and implement TFS branching/merging strategies to minimize release complexities 

Research CI/CD orchestration tools currently in the market, create a present a DAR, and recommend parts that fit the organization needs to support uDeploy and DevOps pipelines.

Install and configure uDeploy Server and Agents (v4.8.3)

Create DevOps pipelines using the Windows tool stack TFS (Source control, change tracking, and automated builds), deploy (deployments, regression tests, environment configurations, manage VM images, reports and graphs.

Plan and design uDeploy workflows for each product development team (16 teams)

Create components, applications, resources, server configurations, security, user access, and notification schemes for each product group

Automated various post-deployment tasks such as, running QTP and QC scripts, updating TFS Build

Quality with the deployment status, fail TFS build status when the deployment of the build fails

Document changes to processes and tools on the CM SharePoint site

Educate users on utilizing uDeploy and how sources incorporate into the organization.

Senior Build Engineer						   November 2011- May 2012

Trimble Navigation 	                                                                      

Manage the entire build environment with over 50 automated builds

Manage all aspects of the Team Foundation Server (TFS)

Automate builds and deployment related tasks using Nant, Perl, Batch, and VB

Documented CM and build processes, create user documentation, and provide user training for Perforce



Senior Configuration Coordinator				May 2011 – November 2011



Hewlett Packard (REFORM project, Maryland State Retirement Agency)



Be the SME for all matters relating to configuration management, source control, build and release management

Manage all aspects of Perforce administration and support 

Manage the entire product release process

Carry out weekly merges for various code streams

Automate Perforce tasks related to releases

Documented CM and build processes, create user documentation, and provide user training for Perforce



	Senior Configuration Manager					 April 2008- April 2010

3M HIS

Automate and maintain over 50 product builds using NAnt, Perl, Batch scripts and Cruise Control

Manage all aspects of Perforce administration including but not limited to; creating branches, client specs, user accounts, setting up permissions, and merging baselines

Create, modify, and troubleshoot product installers (Basic MSI and Install Script MSI) using InstallShield

Automate the building of installers as part of the build process using NAnt and VB

Document the CM processes, and create user documentation for Perforce and CruiseControl

Senior Configuration Manager				February 2007- December 2007



NASD/NYSE

Manage all CM needs (as listed below) for seven projects including two of the largest in the organization; Member Interface (customer portal for all NASD applications), and Enterprise Web Security (security and accounts management for all NASD clients)

Administer all aspects of the CM tools (StarTeam, ClearCase, Tracker, Service Center, CruiseControl); create projects, recommend and implement branching and merging strategies, customize ClearCase and Star Team change tracking tools, and improve overall CM process 

Manage and carry out all Build and Deployment activities for all seven projects (J2EE and Web-Logic based web applications)

Automate builds and deployments for every project using Ant, Unix shell, and CruiseControl (where all builds were scheduled to run daily, and automatically deployed to requested environments for unit testing and for keeping Dev team in sync)

Create CM plans and another CM documentation.

Train users on CM tools and processes

Improve CM process at all levels from requirements to deployments

Troubleshoot all CM related tools and provide user support for all CM related issues



Software Configuration Manager					           August 2006- Dec. 2006

Fannie Mae

Carried all builds/deployments related to 20+ Restatement projects (J2EE)

Administer ClearQuest related to all Restatement projects

Resolve all issues and troubleshoot ClearCase and ClearQuest for a user group of over hundred fifty 

Work with the greater CM teams to improve the current processes/policies that effect both restatement and non-restatement projects

Help convert legacy projects to ClearCase

 

Rational Tool Administrator         					       October 2005- August 2006

Marriott International                                                                   

Administer all aspects of the ClearCase and ClearQuest environments for multiple projects (100+ users)

Plan, coordinate, and create VOBs (UCM and Base), UCM projects, streams, and branches

Advice, design, and implement branching and merging strategies

Create and modify ClearCase triggers

Modify ClearQuest schemas: write various hooks using VB, create and modify fields in user forms, create and modify email rules, create and modify user groups and permission

Administer day-to-day operations of Rational Rose and Test Manager

Create and modify user accounts in Test Manager

Plan, test, and upgrade the Rational Suite from 2003.06.00 to 2003.06.15

Advice and recommend CM strategies and best practices for the ClearCase and ClearQuest environment

Provide daily user support and troubleshoot all aspects of ClearCase and ClearQuest

Create training material and provide one-on-one/group training for ClearCase and ClearQuest

Create the project Plan for the migration of an entire rational suite from one server to another 



Rational Tool Expert							April 2005 – October 2005

Deloitte & Touche (Tax Technologies)

Manage all build/release activities for the main product of Deloitte & Touche Tax Technologies CorpTax ETS (.NET and J2EE applications)

Coordinate build schedules, merge all activities, resolve merge issues, and build all components of the product

Resolve build issues by interacting with the development team

Administer the ClearCase & ClearQuest environments, troubleshoot issues, make improvements to the existing environment, and provide daily user support with the tools

Automate the overall build process using FinalBuilder

Manage daily/nightly builds, baseline promotions, and internal/external releases for SIT, QA, and Production environments



Configuration Manager						        March 2004 – March 2005

Freddie Mac

Introduce a new CM plan and a fully integrated ClearCase and ClearQusest environment (UCM) to Freddie Mac Corporate Data Warehouse (CDW)

Conduct feasibility studies and requirements gathering on various groups (Technical, Business, and Data analysts, Project Managers, Change Control Board members, customers), and propose a CM plan that converts the current CM environment to a ClearCase and ClearQuest driven CM environment

Define and introduce CM strategies and policies using various CQ record types to track all changes to development, testing, and production environments

Plan, design, and introduce a Change Control Board, it’s policies, process steps, roles and responsibilities, and fully incorporate it with various ClearQuest record types used to track all changes to production environment (new functionality, defects, data quality issues, hotline fixes etc.) 

Plan, design, and implement a new Object Migration Process (methods by which configuration items are deployed to various environments like UAT and PROD) that uses ClearCase as the source for all deployments to UAT and production

Develop a UNIX shell program that interacts with CC and CQ, and delivers CC utility activities (activities automatically generated by CC when delivering activities to integration stream) from CC Integration stream to the desired environment (the program extracts the change-set from a user defined CC utility activity, replicate each change in the appropriate place in production environment (update, add, remove files/directories), backup any removed items, and generate history logs)

Develop utility scripts to track changes to the production environment made outside of CC source control, generate reports of such changes, and notify the proper parties for resolution of those changes      

Create customized training manuals, presentation material, user guides, quick references, and FAQs for various groups, and host multiple training sessions to help each group understand their CM tasks and carry them out in the most effective way

Carry out all daily deliveries, deployments, compilations, baselines, and support a group of over 100 users on ClearCase/ClearQuest and CM process steps and policies for the entire Corporate Data Warehouse   



Configuration Manager			                                             November 2003- March 2004						

    4GL School Solutions

Configuration Management:

Create, implement, and document the current CM plan of the company 

Plan, propose and carry out improvements to the CM process

Led the CM team in automating the Build and Release process of the company (.NET applications)  

Design a Windows GUI to automate the extraction of source code from clearcase based on a user defined baseline, build various components of the product, and create the installation package, cutting the time by two hours per build

Design and develop Installshield packages for various clients, and in-house installs and upgrades 

Manage daily builds and internal/external releases

Managed the ClearCase environment the whole company, including two multi-site locations

Performed daily multi-site synchronizations, code deliveries, baseline creations, user training, documentation, and troubleshooting of ClearCase 

Held training sessions for developers on tool use and the relation of the CM process



Configuration Engineer 						July 2002- February 2003							

FEI Company

Plan, implement, and manage the ClearCase Network, multiple VOBs (incl. multi-site vobs), and manage all aspects of a Base ClearCase environment

Manage ClearCase Licenses, the Registry, Scheduled Jobs, and Access Control Permissions

Improve the performance in VOB and client hosts 

Troubleshoot ClearCase environment and provide user support 

Plan, implement, and manage three multi-site locations

Create, synchronize, and manage VOB replicas and mastership

Troubleshoot CC Multi-site environment and provide user support

Implement and manage Multi-Site security and ACL permissions

Plan, implement, configure and customize ClearQuest schema and ClearQuest databases

Create and manage the State Transition Matrix, Access Control Permissions, and CQ Forms

Administer user and group accounts 

Administer CQ databases (Oracle, SQL Anywhere and SQL Server 2000) 

Create, modify, and manage CQ forms

Administer CQ web

Administer CQ emails (email rules and automated emails using hooks)

Use ClearQuest tools to effectively (import and export tools, license key admin, update schema wizard) 

Write, edit, and manage build scripts using Visual Build, Perl and VB

Run and troubleshoot the Nightly build

Refine the build scripts for build accuracy and performance

Recommend, plan, and implement improvements to the SCM process 

Created the CM plan for a new client site

Held meetings with management to discuss, propose and negotiate the CM plan

Held presentations and training sessions to introduce the CM process and CM tools

Implemented CM tools and managed the Cm environment and provided user support



Configuration Manager/ClearCase Administrator 				Jan. 2001 – Jan. 2002

Davox Corporation 

Manage daily/weekly builds

Analyze and resolve build issues

Modify Build Scripts

Create, recommend, and promote baselines

Administer ClearCase and ClearCase Multi-Site environments in an inter-op (Windows/Unix) environment

Install and configure ClearCase and ClearCase Multi-Site on multiple servers

Create and manage VOBs, views, streams, and metadata in a Multi-Site environment

Create and manage UCM projects

Provide user support and training for a group of 60 developers 

Plan and propose improvements to the CM process

Participate and contribute to the CCB

Document all aspects of the CM process



Configuration Manager 						November 1999- Jan. 2001

First American Credit Corporation

Conduct feasibility studies to determine hardware requirements for ClearCase installation

Make recommendations to upper-level management on improvements necessary for CM environment 

Lead the CM team in the installation of various CM tools and improvement of the SCM process

Lead technical implementation and configuration of ClearCase

Design and implement strategic labeling, branching and merging schemes in Base ClearCase and in UCM

Train developers on ClearCase and ClearQuest 

Design and develop Triggers and Shell scripts as part of ClearCase Customization

Manage import/export of code into ClearCase

Administer VOBs and Views and managed access control

Install, configure, and manage ClearQuest schema and user databases in a Windows environment

Create the State Transition Matrix and implement permissions for groups and users 

Design and implement hooks in ClearQuest customization

Design ClearQuest forms

Integrate ClearCase with ClearQuest in a UCM setting

Provide daily technical support for 20 developers

Write and managed Build Scripts

Perform various UNIX and Windows NT administration tasks



Education

Completed a five-month training program on Software Configuration Management, ClearCase and ClearQuest Administration, and Build/Release Management in a classroom setting, taught by a group of Rational certified trainers, with weekly exams, where a score of 70% or above was required to stay in the program. 

Bachelor's Degree candidate in Anthropology from the University of Maryland at College Park 







Nalaka Deegala	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 1

Jane Doe	Paradise Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5\n
Ryan Holder

	1142 Ring Bill Loop	301-300-0948

	Upper Marlboro, MD  20774 United States	rholder3@terpmail.umd.edu



EDUCATION

	University of Maryland, College Park, MD		Expected Graduation: May 2017

	Bachelor of Arts in Economics	

	Montgomery College, Takoma Park, MD                                                                                                                   	Sep 2012-Dec 2014

		GPA: 3.35/4.00                  

WORK EXPERIENCE

	Paradyme Management, Greenbelt, MD	 Jan 2017 – Present

Corporate Technical Intern and Project Lead

Lead a group of 5 other interns to develop a SQL database proposal 

Implement the SQL database with Python for all Paradyme Management constituents 

Update the Training and Development Manager and communicate with internal partners

	Stamp, Technology Services Department, College Park, MD	 July 2015 – Present

Student IT Technician

Stamp Star Award – Employee of the month for September 2015

Troubleshot computer/network performance, connectivity, and security while using Microsoft Office Suite      Programs

Installed and Operated audio/visual equipment such as projectors, digital mixers, and camera equipment	 

Provided helpdesk support and also install computer hardware and software for employees

	University of Maryland Police Department, College Park, MD	 Jan 2015 – July 2015

	Student Police Auxiliary 

Checked identification at night to ensure campus drivers were not under the influence of drugs or alcohol

Patrolled off-campus student housing to check for crimes, parties, and building safety issues

	Department of the Environment, Upper Marlboro, MD	      July 2014 – Aug 2014

Network Engineering Intern

Mapped printers, Xerox machines, and computers to the organizations network while learning about Network Security 	

Advised three interns as Director/Actor for a video that explained the brand and culture of the organization

Represented the organization at a meeting hosted by Prince George’s County Executive Rashawn Baker	

LEADERSHIP/INVOLVEMENT

ChangeTheWorld at University of Maryland                                                                                              Sep 2016 – Dec 2016

Operations Consultant Team Member for Community Forklift 

Meet weekly with 3 other consultants and bi-weekly with the Community Forklift CEO/COO   

Generate a competitive and point of sale analysis to improve efficiency in lighting, tile, and lumber departments.

Delta Sigma Pi Professional Business Fraternity University of Maryland                                  August 2016 - Present                 

	Recruitment Speaker and Social Committee Member	

	Leadershape – Leadership Institute                                                                                                                                      Jan 2016	      

Partcipant

72 Hour time intensive and selective application based leadership program 

Developed a vision to mentor young men and/or woman who aspire to be successful but lack the support 

Delta Sigma Pi Professional Business Fraternity at University of Maryland

		Recruitment Chairman                                                                                                                                August 2015 – August 2016	     

Created recruiting strategies

	Work with Branding, Marketing, and Executive Committees to develop and publicize recruitment schedule and process

Create and maintain a committee and administer weekly meetings. 

President of Alpha Pledge Class                                                                                                                           Feb 2015 – April 2015 

Ensured that elected officers are on schedule with event planning and fulfilling their responsibilities 

	Fitness Club at Montgomery College	     Jan 2014 – Dec 2014

Founder/ President

Founded a fitness club on campus to promote physical activity and overall wellness within the student body

SKILLS AND INTERESTS

Proficient: Python, HTML, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and CREO Engineering Software\n
Leah Alice Zeng
13521 Magruder Farm Ct ♦ Potomac, MD, 20854-6002  
(786)-200-8562 ♦ leah.zeng@gmail.com

Education	

	University of Maryland	Cumulative GPA: 3.4

	Major GPA: 3.5

	Bachelor of Science, Accounting and Management Information Systems	 Expected: May. 2017   



Activities

	Ascend Pan-Asian Leadership Maryland and DC Chapter	College Park, Maryland

			September 2014 - present day.

Responsibility over registration and communication between professionals, sponsors, and students to organize the Ascend team for the 2014 DC Dragon Boat Race.

Worked in a team to research, plan, and organize a Meet & Greet for 250 members in New York.

Currently working with student board members on the design phase of a web-based database and app.



	Smith School Women's Society 	College Park, Maryland

			September 2013 - present day.

Introduced female high school students from different counties in Maryland to the Robert E. Smith School for the 2013 Future Women in Business Conference. Activities included mentoring these students to create a business plan for a magazine and instruction on basic principles from each Smith major.

Created and implemented community service events in collaboration with non-profits as a member of the Community Service Committee team.

Single club fundraising event operating a concessions stand, earning a commission of $400 for the club.



	Fudan University 2014 International Summer Session	Shanghai, China

			June 2014 – August 2014

Cultural and language immersion independently living in Shanghai and working on academic projects and business analysis with international students from diverse backgrounds.

Courses involving five week analysis of the gradual reform of Chinese financial system, study of unique Chinese characteristics of the financial system, and language study.

Tour of the Shanghai financial district and industrial businesses such as Baosteel Ltd.



	Florida International University Library GIS, Center	Miami, Florida

			June 2012 – July 2012

80 hours of volunteer work downloading and organizing GIS data from different sources and integrating them into the FIU GIS library.

Received required training on use of ArcGIS software.



Skills, Honors, Interests

		Programs:  MS Office Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel (with VBA), Access, Visual Studio, Adobe Photoshop 3-5, ArcGIS, SQL Management Studio 2012

		Honors: UMD Honor Roll Fall 2013- Spring 2014, 2011 Scholastics Art and Writing Regional Gold Key (Painting), 2011 Scholastics Art and Writing National Silver Medal (Painting)

		

		Languages: Mandarin Chinese, Basic Japanese

		

		Interests:    Language, International Business, Culture and History, Painting, Swim, Piano, Travel, Hiking,\n
Ravi

(347)-989-2630



Professional Summary:

Around 2 years of progressive experience working as Java/J2EE Developer in analysis, design and development. Have extensive experience working on various phases in the Software development lifecycle of the project. 

Have a good understanding of Agile and Waterfall methodologies. Have worked on various Service Oriented, Client/Server, GUI and Web based applications in these years. 

Knowledge in web based multi-tier enterprise applications & Client/Server Applications using JAVA/J2EE technologies & have good exposure in Model View Controller (MVC) Architecture based applications using Spring Framework 3.2.2, Struts Framework 2.3.12, JMS, Java Beans with expertise in presentation, business and database layers. 

Knowledge in developing applications using Spring Framework 3.2.2, worked on different spring modules like core container module, application context module, Aspect oriented programming (AOP) module, JDBC module, ORM module and web module. 

Knowledge in using NoSQL databases like Apache Cassandra 2.0.12 as a distributed database management system and writing queries to it using CQL 3.0. 

Experience in Service Oriented Architecture(SOA), WebServices design development and deployment using WSDL, SOAP, UDDI, JAXP, JAXB, SAX, DOM, XSLT, Apache AXIS, Apache Camel, RESTful WebServices. 

Engineering REST APIs using Java EE 8, JBoss, and Hibernate for the web application and microservices.

Extensive use of Open Source Software such as Web/Application Servers like Apache Tomcat 6.0 and Apache Struts, LOG4J for logging information and exceptions, Apache ANT 1.9 for making build scripts, Eclipse 3.x, Net Beans 6.x IDE. 

Used application servers such as WebLogic, WebSphere, Jboss and Apache Tomcat. 

Good experience in writing SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, functions, packages, tables, views, triggers and data connectivity and data integration of Oracle. 

Experience in using GIT, Clear Case, CVS, and Subversion (SVN) for source control and Release Management. 

Involved in the Unit test Cases, Integration and Application testing. 

Expertise in Object Oriented Architecture (OOA), Design (OOD) and Programming (OOP) from designing and to their implementation.

Fixed slang scripts in Secview/SecDB

Capable of rapidly learning new technologies and processes, and successfully applying them to projects and operations. 

Excellent Communication and Interpersonal Skills with Strong Technical and Analytical reasoning ability.



Technical Skills: 

Programming Languages: C, C++, Java Version 8 

Java/J2EE Technologies: JSP 2.2, Servlets 3.0, EJB 3.1, JDBC 4.0 

Messaging Servers: Active MQ, JMS 

Web Technologies: JavaScript 1.8.5, JQuery, AngularJS, XML 1.1, HTML 5.1, CSS 2.1, XTML 2.0, JSON RPC 2.0, Adobe Flex 3.0, WSDL 2.0, XML 2.0, XSD 1.1,AJAX 

Frameworks and Build Tools: Hibernate 4.3, spring 4.1.5, ANT 1.9.3, Apache Maven 3.2.5, Log4J 1.2.17, Java EE Design Patterns 

Web/Application Servers: Oracle WebLogic Application Server 12.1.3, IBM WebSphere Application Server 8.5

Databases: MySQL, Big Data Hadoop, HDFS, Map Reduce, HIve, Oracle 9i/10g, DB2 

IDE Tools: Eclipse 4.4.2, NetBeans IDE 7.4, SDS, RAD 9.0.1 

Operating Systems: Windows 7/8/8.1, UNIX, Linux Cent OS 7, AIX (UNIX) 7.1



Professional Experience:



EOG Resources  Houston,TX                                                                                   June 2017 - Present

Role: JAVA/J2EE Developer

Responsibilities: 

Designed and developed java backend batch jobs to update the product offer details. 

Core Java coding and development using Multithreading and Design Patterns. 

Core Java development and Support of Java/J2EE applications with emphasis on OOP-based web forms, business logic, database access components. 

Very good implementation experience of Object Oriented concepts, Multithreading and Java. 

 Expertise in developing reusable and interoperable Web service modules based on microservices, SOA architecture using SOAP and RESTful. 

Used Spring Framework for Dependency injection and integrated with the Struts Framework and Hibernate. 

Experience in working with the Columnar NoSQL Database like HBase, Cassandra to manage extremely large data sets. 

Experienced with RAD/Iterative development methodologies. 

Used Hibernate 3.2 as ORM solution in persistence layer of the application and Log4j as a logging tool. 

Develop the name selectors in UI using Dojo and AJAX for on-key-down responses from back end. 

Developed the unit test cases Test Driven Development (TDD)and mock testing using JUNIT and Mockito frameworks. 

Have good experience on No-SQL database like Mongo. 

Developed user interface using JSP, JSP Tag libraries, requireJS, Java Script and Node.js. 

Involved in developing custom tag libs, JSP, EJB's, Portlets and Oracle - stored procedures. 

Created an XML configuration file for Hibernate - Database connectivity. 

Developed REST based services using Spring REST API and Apache CXF. 

Have good experience on Morphia, Spring Mongo Template, Mongo DB Driver. 

Developed REST Web services with a synchronous request-response and also involved in developing and deploying the Web Services - WSDL SOAP and for getting the data to and fro from the Web services and hub backend system. (third party services) 

Web services are developed based on the SOAP 

Installation, configuration and management of MongoDB servers and performance tuning of Mongo Databases. 

Experience in Data migration from DB2 to Apache Cassandra DB. 

Experience with continuous integration Jenkins tool. 

Performing Code merge using GIT. 



Environment: Java 1.6, JSP, Struts, Servlet, EJB, Hibernate, MyEclipse, Java Script, JQuery, AngularJS, Unix, Apache CXF,  WebSphere Application Server, microservices, Cassandra , Elastic Search , Maven, ORM, WebServices, GIT.



Mavin Systems- Hyderabad , INDIA                                                          March 2014 - Dec 2014

Role: Java Developer

Responsibilities: 

Involved in full life cycle of the project including requirements gathering, analysis and designing the system 

Set up working environment for the team in St. Louis and in India 

Involved in the preparation of Rational Artifacts like Use-Cases, Sequence and class diagrams 

Involved in design and implementing centralized artifacts like logger, exception handling 

Increasing the efficiency of application, by identifying the areas to use stored procedures 

Wrote complex SQL queries to retrieve data 

Used design patterns for components' design. Patterns used include: Abstract Factory, Singleton, Facade and DAO design patterns 

Participated in user training and documentation preparation 

Developed necessary JSP pages 

Develop necessary Entity Beans & Session Beans, Hibernate persistence to do data manipulation operations such as find, insert, update and expire 

Responsible for getting a build script created & used consistently in all the environments 

Used java script for front end validation and JSTL tag libraries for display page contents 

Involved in fixing defects in all test phases and production problem tickets. 

Wrote a PL/SQL stored procedure to perform the copy (move data from central repository to target environment) operation 

 

Environment: JBOSS Application Server 4, Oracle 9i, Rational Rose, Spring Framework, JSP, Servlet , EJB, JDBC, JMS, JUnit, Tiles, XML, Hibernate, JDOM, Ant, Log4j, Shell Scripts, Windows 2000 and Sun Solaris\n
Veena Nath Revamma

Email: veenanath.revamma@gmail.com   			                 

+1 (314) - 346 - 4976                                      



    Summary:	



Over 7 years of IT experience as QA Tester in Manual, Automation Testing and POS testing of business applications.

Certified Selenium Tester with expertise in functional testing using Selenium IDE, Web Driver, Selenium Grid

Involved in design and development automation frameworks using Selenium

Excellent expertise in programming Selenium automation using JAVA technology

Experienced in functional testing using Selenium IDE, Web Driver and Selenium Grid

Expert knowledge in eclipse IDE and browser developer tools like Firebug and Chrome Dev Tools

Professional with extensive experience in testing Retail Domain

Extensive experience in writing test plans, test cases, test scenarios, status reports, metrics, and defining standards for all QA documentation and QA processes

Extensive experience in creating database queries for data validation

Strong skills in performing System, User Acceptance, Functionality, Front End and GUI Testing

Performed UAT, Regression, System testing and Sanity testing.

Extensive experience in use of software Test Management Tools like HPALM

Implemented Quality Center (HPALM) for test planning, test case development, test case execution, Test Set execution and test results analysis

Well versed with complete process in executing the Test Scripts and Bug Reports

Able to analyze complex business rules and specifications, strong analytical and troubleshooting skills

Excellent interpersonal skills working closely with development, product management, business representatives, customers and technical support teams to ensure that the quality objectives of all projects are met

Worked closely with third party development team, product management, business representatives, users and technical support to ensure that the quality objectives for iterative development cycles are met.  Communicated QA results and project status to the core team members

Organized, able to manage multiple tasks and meet deadlines, efficient in working independently or in a team, self-motivated, eager to learn new concepts and products quickly

Excellent understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle and role of QA in Manual Testing

Excellent interpersonal and customer relational Skills. Proven communication and presentation Skills

		



Technical Skills:

                                         

Testing  Tools

HP Quality Center 12.0, JIRA

Databases

SQL

Bug Reporting Tools

HPALM (HPQC) 12.0, SharePoint, JIRA

Operating Systems

	UNIX, Windows, OS 4690, TV ++, IBM 4690 Controller & Terminal applications, DOS

Certification

	Certified Selenium Tester (Automation Tester)



Wal-Mart/Sam’s Club, Bentonville, AR     



SQA Store Systems



SQA- Store system project deals with the POS Applications used by the largest retailer in world for managing its stores business across globe. The POS system is equipped to meet business goals as well as customer expectations for different international systems of the client. Client is improving services to the customer by introducing new enhancements and fixes. The main objective with the client is to provide independent quality planning and testing services to ensure suitability of use of requirements and design criteria throughout the ISDLC software testing process. Client has set up an offshore Lab for the exclusive testing of its POS applications.



Duration: Apr 2014 – Mar 2017

Location: Walmart, Bentonville, AR

Project: 32 Bit Testing (Point of Sales)



Project Description: 

ISD Point of Sales team uses a 16 bit compiler to support 16 bit controller applications.  This compiler frequently causes issues in the package build process.  Also, the 16 bit compiler prevents the Point of Sale team from converting to the current desktop solution.  Windows 2000 desktops are no longer supported by the Corporate Office. This project aims in migrating the identified 16-Bit (C-Basic & High C) POS Controller Applications to 32-Bit. The project involves testing of the 4690 controller applications that are changed from a 16 bit executable to a 32 bit executable.



Roles & Responsibilities:

As a POS Specialist, I have involved in,

Walkthroughs with the business analyst, team lead and developers to understand the application and requirement specification.

Create the test data and mock up the existing data to simulate the test conditions.

Execute the test automation scripts for functionality tests.

Executing batch regression tests on multiple machines using the developed frameworks.

Troubleshoot the issues encountered during the test execution.

Testing the functionality of the web application.

Regression testing of functionalities. 

Review of Test Results. 

Various transactions are done for this project in front end register Test cases executed in HPALM and updated in HPALM/JIRA. Test types like Debit, Credit, Shopping card, Gift Card were executed in front registers, NCR systems, Self Check out, SIGUI registers and 50 key registers. This cards are swiped either in magnetic stripes or debit reader like Ingenico/verifone Items are scanned either with hand held scanner device or Scale bed.

Conducted ambiguity review meeting with the business analyst and team lead to clear any ambiguities regarding requirements.

Created test plans and test cases in HP Quality Center as per the requirement document covering all the functionalities.

Manually executed the test cases and logged the defect in HP Quality Center.

Performed data driven test manually for functionalities with multiple set of data.

Involved in defect review meetings with the developer to discuss the severity and priority of the bug detected.

Functionality of Modules identified to be converted to 32 bit for 1301, 1305, 1307 release as per details in Unit test plan.

Cover the requirements for each modules based on the unit test plan shared from development team.

Reports generation in the format as mentioned in Unit test plan.

Execution of log message analysis.

Manually regressed test cases conducted creating test sets in HP Quality Center after the bug fixes were done by the developer.

Prepared a detail test schedule and Test Metrics on a weekly basis for the project members to know the status of the QA Process.

Interacted with Developers and Business Analysts to understand the severity of the defects and assigned priorities accordingly.

	Set schedule estimates, timelines, milestones for the task identified.

	Testing and certification support for the changes in POS, payment system for the             introduction of a third party acquirer system. Multiple tender types(credit, debit, e WIC) were tested

	Worked on Multiple projects in a Release.

	

Environment: Unix, DOS Commands, Quality Center 10.0, Putty, SMART systems, POS Host, POS Controllers



Duration: Jan 2013 –Mar 2014

Location: Walmart, Bentonville, AR

Project: Store Number Expansion (Point of Sales)



Project Description: 

This project involves providing support and leading the QA team for the Store number expansion project where controller applications and the terminal application are remediated to hold a lengthy store number. Team involved 40 people at onsite and offshore together.



Roles& Responsibilities:
As a POS Specialist, I have involved in,

Supporting the team at offshore and onsite with the POS business and technical functionalities to help the testing.

	Supporting the automation regression test team on developing automation scripts for payment systems. Build and maintain Testing automation framework for the functionalities under test using Selenium Web driver

Record functional test cases using Selenium IDE, extract the test cases in Java WebDriver format and refactor it to Testing test cases with data provider using excel data source.

	Execute batch runs on multiple machines using Selenium Grid

Execution of test cases in different browsers (Firefox, Chrome, Safari and IE) using Selenium Grid

Analyzing periodic status of the project Planning and prioritizing the tasks and preparing        the status report both daily status and weekly status report of project.

Analysis and verification of various controller applications/data including T Log

Requirement analysis, test planning and test execution for multiple POS enhancement projects

Review of offshore deliverables to client

Various transactions are done for this project in front end registers. Test cases executed in HPALM and updated in HPALM/JIRA. Test types like Debit, Credit, Shopping card, Gift Card were executed in front registers, NCR systems, Self-Checkout, SIGUI registers and 50 key registers. This cards are swiped either in magnetic stripes or debit reader like Ingenico/verifone Items are scanned either with hand held scanner device or Scale bed.



Software/tools used: OS 4690, TV ++



          Duration: Apr 2012 –Jan 2013

Location: Walmart, Bentonville, AR

Project: EMV 



EMV is a technical standard for smart payment cards and for payment terminals. EMV (Europay, MasterCard and Visa) cards are smart cards (also called chip cards or IC cards) which store their data on integrated circuits rather than magnetic stripes, although many EMV cards also have stripes for backward compatibility. Here transaction with EMV cards done through inserting the chip cards. EMV transaction are mainly done setting EPAYT as authorizer and setting flags in toolbox. Transactions was mainly done with Basic discover card. Types of transaction that we done in EMV testing are floor limit approval, offline transactions, decline transactions, Exceed limit, signature capturing, less amount transactions, refund to credit visa, fall back scenario, declining of international cards.

	

	

	Roles and Responsibilities

High priority test cases are involved in UAT testing. Developers, BA, Clients and other team members are involved in UAT testing. Participated in UAT with users to help them in using system and clarifying their queries. 

Create the test data and mock up the existing data to simulate the test conditions.

Execute the test automation scripts for functionality tests.

Executing batch regression tests on multiple machines using the developed frameworks.

Troubleshoot the issues encountered during the test execution.

Testing the functionality of the web application.

Regression testing of functionalities. 

Review of Test Results

Reviewing the requirements and analyzing the requirements to ensure smooth and quality delivery and provide inputs for estimating the time required for QA completion and preparing QA schedules. 

EMV transaction are mainly done setting EPAYT as authorizer and setting flags in toolbox. Transactions was mainly done with Basic discover card. Types of transaction that we done in EMV testing are floor limit approval, offline transactions, decline transactions by inserting the card, Exceed limit, inserting card with signature, less amount, refund to credit visa, fall back scenario, declining of international cards.

Preparing Test Strategy and test plan documents, Identifying Test Scenarios, Design and Execute Test Cases, Maintaining Requirement Traceability, Testing and deployment of application enhancements, as well as project planning. 

Developing QA strategies and Solutions adhering to the quality standards and practices investing maximum effort for adhering to the correctness and verification of Requirements. Coordinating with business clients, onsite team & offshore team, thereby supporting the application and implementing QA process as per specifications provided. 

Reviewing the requirements and analyzing the requirements to ensure smooth and quality delivery and provide inputs for estimating the time required for QA completion and preparing QA schedules. 

Various transactions are done for this project in front end register Test cases executed in HPALM and updated in HPALM/JIRA. Test types like Debit, Credit, Shopping card, Gift Card were executed in front registers, NCR systems, Self Check out, SIGUI registers and 50 key registers. This cards are swiped either in magnetic stripes or debit reader like Ingenico/verifone Items are scanned either with hand held scanner device or Scale bed.

Preparing Test Strategy and test plan documents, Identifying Test Scenarios, Design and Execute Test Cases, Maintaining Requirement Traceability, Testing and deployment of application enhancements, as well as project planning. 

Developing QA strategies and Solutions adhering to the quality standards and practices investing maximum effort for adhering to the correctness and verification of Requirements. Coordinating with business clients, onsite team & offshore team, thereby supporting the application and implementing QA process as per specifications provided. 

Conduct system study and coordinating with different strategic service team members for requirements verification, traceability mapping, defining test strategy and plan, coordinating the team, test case design, test execution, defining and tracking metrics & reporting. Perform testing for different testing types like functional, system, regression, exploratory, security and user acceptance testing.  



        Duration: Feb 2011 – Apr 2012 

         Location: Walmart, Bentonville, AR       

         Project: POS 1105 Regression Testing                                



QA Tester



1105 Regression  testing was based on all type of transactions connected with third party authorizers such as Visa, Master Cards, GE, etc. Each transaction type utilizes a specific connection in order to receive authorizations through EPAYT, TSTH and Ealwcb1L. 



Roles & Responsibilities:

As a POS tester, I have involved in,

Participating in Test Executions and sending  test results summary to development team and QA team

Defect Tracking and defect assignment to development using HPQC

Defect monitoring and coordinating with retesting

Prepare test data and coordinating with Clients in getting test data and environment setup

Various transactions are done for this project in front end register Test cases executed in HPALM and updated in HPALM/JIRA. Test types like Debit, Credit, Shopping card, Gift Card were executed in front registers, NCR systems, Self Check out, SIGUI registers and 50 key registers. This cards are swiped either in magnetic stripes or debit reader like Ingenico/verifone Items are scanned either with hand held scanner device or Scale bed.

Participated in Smoke testing, project testing

Performed Regression testing on 1105 release

Used Quality Center as a Bug Reporting Tool

Provided test team status reports on weekly basis to the project manager

Participated in preparing test matrices for test execution and test status to QA manager for Project testing for POS side

Conducted adhoc testing as part of 1105 release



Duration: July 2010 – Jan 2011

Location: Walmart, Bentonville, AR

Project: Japan & Central American Shopping Cards                            



QA Tester

 

Before implementing Japan’s shopping card project in JP WALMART, is not integrated with their POS nor does it allow customers to make bulk purchases and bulk reloads at the POS.  Because the Program is not integrated with POS, JP Operations must manually track card inventory.  Additionally, card activation used to take more than 24 hours before the card can be used as payment. Goal of this project is to Provide Japan with a shopping card program that is integrated with POS and allows bulk activation and bulk reloads at POS, Provide fast and stable communications for card activation and redemption. Automate reconciliation of card transaction provide better security control over the entire process

  

Roles & Responsibilities: 

As a manual tester, I was involved in,

Participated in UAT with users to help them in using system and clarifying their queries.

Involved in creating test strategy and test plan for Japan Shopping Cards Project implemented for JP Wal-Mart and Sam’s 

Involved in uploading requirements to the Quality Center 

Involved in mapping requirements to test cases to make sure all user requirements are satisfied

Supporting the automation regression test team on developing automation scripts for payment systems. Build and maintain Testing automation framework for the functionalities under test using Selenium Web driver

Record functional test cases using Selenium IDE, extract the test cases in Java WebDriver format and refactor it to Testing test cases with data provider using excel data source.

Execute batch runs on multiple machines using Selenium Grid

Execution of test cases in different browsers (Firefox, Chrome, Safari and IE) using Selenium Grid

Extensively used Telnet to change the simulator to POSHOST, EPAY and TSH4102,to import the items, to verify the logs, TLOG entries

Communicated with item team to set up the shopping card items and their restrictions in POS item file

Involved with technical designer to get the shopping card test kit for both in-state JP shopping cards and Cross-tax entity shopping cards

Participated on shopping card report verification

Reporting defects, monitoring defects and retesting defects for each build 

Participated in End-to-End testing with EPAYT 



Duration: April 2009 –June 2010

Location: Soft Tech, Cochin, India							  

Project: Automated Inventory Adjustments



The project is to track the items lost due in a store due to shrinkage, decay, theft, damage etc using an automated system. The system was built on a new database and was linked to the system inventory. These corrections have to be approved by the store manager and will be updated in the inventory.



Roles & Responsibilities:

As a manual tester, I was involved in,

Involved in preparing Test Plan and Test Cases based on the function specifications. 

Involved in the review of Requirements with business analysts and technical specialists. 

Prepared test scenarios, test cases and performed Unit, Integration and system testing. 

Preparing and reviewing Unit Test Plans and Test Cases. 

Conducting Code Reviews and Unit Test Result review.

Backend testing using SQL queries and PL/SQL procedures.

Used Quality Center as a Bug Reporting Tool.

	Provided test team status reports on weekly basis to the project manager.

	Developed Test Plan to test the screens and workflows for Quality Assurance.

	Recording and Tracking all the Test Defects to closure.



Internationalization 



This project involves the modification of the legacy programs to enable online business in Canada. The old system was designed in such a way just to support US business. The most important task here was to ensure all legal laws and tax calculations are correct.



All the changed modules were unit tested and later integrated and integration scripts were executed. Final round of system testing was done before handing the application to users for user acceptance testing.



Roles & Responsibilities:

As a manual tester, I was involved in,

Wrote Test Cases and uploaded to Quality Center.

Involved in test planning like identification and definition of test conditions, test scenarios and test cases. 

Documented the identified bugs and tracked them to closure. 

Developed test cases and executed them manually.

Performed functional testing on the application.

Conducted Positive, Negative Testing In the application.

Documented test results and procedures.

Performed Database testing.

Identified bugs and communicated through Quality Center.

Participated in user training and submitted status reports weekly.\n
Bryan Hampton



Objective



	To obtain a position with a company that can fully utilize my programming skills in a manner that allows me to fulfill my potential and increase my knowledge.



Work History



02-2016 – 09-2016 Allscripts Inc. (Software Developer)

Redesigned the UI for MonDev program that sent data from medical devices to servers.

Used C# for this.

Wrote a shared memory DLL in C++ for looking for invalid ID numbers.  Could process over 10,000 records in less than 2 seconds.

Worked on WiX installer for SIM product.  I created dialogs and custom actions in C#.

Created installation packages for SIM product using Cruise Control.

Used TFS for source control of code that I wrote or modified.

Placed by Insight Global.



09-2015 – 12-2015 Measurement Inc (C#.Net Developer/Report Designer/Data Analyst)

Created interactive graphical report using iTextSharp and C#.

Wrote a C# app to do on the fly measurement conversions to insure proper placement of the graphic elements.

Used Adobe Illustrator to fine tune graphic elements, e.g. reduce pixilation.

Created coversheets and barcode label sheets for standardized tests using Crystal Reports 11.

Wrote stored procedures and functions in T-SQL to process incoming student demographic data.  This required extensive string manipulation and data conversions, such as parsing strings into dates.

Placed by Piper Enterprises.



04-2015 – 06-2015 TMW Systems (C#.Net Developer)

Build robust software using C# .NET, XML, SQL and SSIS.

Applied complex data scrubbing, data patching and data validation techniques to insure rock solid integration and data integrity.

Designed and develop user friendly portals.

Designed and created services and system architecture for your projects and contributed and provided feedback to other team members.

Participated in brainstorming sessions and contributed ideas to our technology, algorithms and products.

Dove into difficult problems and successfully delivered results on schedule.



12-2014 – 02-2015 SAS Institute (ColdFusion Web Developer)

Worked on the SIM (Strategic Internal Marketing) and GMS (Global Marketing Solutions) applications.  On a daily basis I used the following technologies:

ColdFusion

MySQL

HTML

CSS

Javascript and jQuery

Performed a number of bug fixes.

Created Query of Queries to join data from two databases that were on separate servers.

Used jQuery/CSS to improve the appearance of the Marketing Planning Tool, which is a jQuery control (FullCalendar) used to track marketing deliverables.

Placed by Greene Resources.



04-2014 – 09-2014 DHHS (Web Developer)

Worked on the Attestation Validation and MIPS Portal applications.  On a daily basis I used the following technologies:

SQL Server 2012 (T-SQL)

Wrote and modified numerous stored procedures for CRUD operations.

C#

ASP.NET

HTML

CSS

Javascript and JQuery

Performed numerous bug fixes (fixed over 50 bugs).

Built over 40 new web pages for the new Meaningful Use requirements.

Placed through TekSystems.



02-2012 – 04-2014 Viztek (Application Developer/Data Analyst)

Created the following applications in C#.

Monitor progress of records being inserted into database.

Windows service to monitor Windows Services and notify users via e-mail if they stop running.

Purge old data from SQL Server database by date range entered by user with logging to track which records were deleted, success/failure and any errors encountered.

Designed XML reports using TX Control and fyiReport Designer.

Created a set of base templates to speed up the creation process and save labor costs.

Used Adobe Photoshop to touch up client logos for reports.

Created custom reports using Report Builder 3.0.

Created MVC project to track RMAs for the RMA manager.

Used SQL Server 2008/2012 Management Studio to create SQL queries for customer reports.

Integrated with Excel 2007/2010 for complex data analysis spreadsheets using filtering and multiple parameters.

Set up Ubuntu Server for implementing Modular Object-Oriented Dynamic Learning Environment (Moodle).

Created web pages using PHP/MySQL to allow tracking of training classes taken.

Installed HL7 projects for clients to enable integration between our PACS software and other vendors EMR/EHR software.

This requires rewriting parts of the C# code in the HL7 software.



12-2009 – 02-2012 Highland Express (Developer/IT Support/Web Master/Sys Admin/Network Admin)

Managed all aspects of IT for an 11 person office with 350 drivers all over the United States.  I was the Network Admin, Systems Admin, DBA, Webmaster, Web Developer, .NET Programmer (C# .NET) and Help Desk.

Designed, coded and tested C# .NET program to track employee vacation time usage and accrual by using Windows Forms connected to a SQL Server 2008 database.

Created ASP.NET website to connect to SQL Server 2008 database using C#.NET as the code behind language.

Converted a Windows XP machine into a server running Windows 2008 Server (Standard Edition)

Set up Active Directory and Print Server and connected all printers and user computers to server.

Set up a new Dell PowerEdge T310 server with Windows Server 2008 R2 and SQL Server 2008 R2.

Migrated Active Directory and data from old server to new.

Installed and set up MS SQL Server 200 R2.

Created and maintained several databases related to the business, e.g. vehicle maintenance and employee data.

Migrated several Access 2007 databases to SQL Server 2008.

Set up and configured Linksys WRVS4400N and Linksys RV082 routers to allow wireless access and VPN access to network.

Used Greenbow VPN and Shrew Soft client to set up IPsec VPN tunnels.

Also set up Hawking Technologies Wireless Access Point and Range Extender.

Set up website using GoDaddy hosting and domain services.

Used Adobe Standard to convert MS Word forms to Adobe PDF forms and published them on the website so people could fill them out and e-mail them to us.

Set up new computers and maintained existing equipment.



05-2008 – 10-2009 Health Risk Partners, LLC (Web Developer/Programmer)

		Designed, coded and debugged ASP.NET web pages to handle reconciliation of Medicare/Medicaid data for our clients, some of the biggest health insurers in the country.

		Used JavaScript/AJAX/JQuery and Visual Basic code to automate web pages and to enhance client side performance and add visual special effects.

Created both client side and server side scripts as well as user interface for web pages.

Created T-SQL stored procedures to handle data manipulation.

		Assisted in creation of application to import and download patient charts in PDF format for in-house coders to process.

		Tools used: Visual Studio 2003 .NET, Visual Studio 2005, Visual Studio 2008, Crystal Reports, SourceGear Vault, TFS and SQL Server 2005.

Placed through Code X, Inc. (CXI)



05-2006 – 05-2008 CapitalOne (Programmer/Data Analyst)

		Designed, coded and used Visual Basic programs and SQL queries to retrieve and/or create test data for various departments as part of the ongoing system upgrade

Created T-SQL statements to handle user data requests in MS Access

Created Windows script to automate data transfers in MS Excel

Used Excel 2003 with VBA macros to automate data collection and manipulation

		Created Visual Basic .NET 2005 project to connect to Access database to automate SQL queries created in database.  Also allowed users to create ad hoc queries by filling in text boxes with criteria that was programmatically transformed into a SQL query.

Used Access 2003 with VBA and SQL to create and automate data reporting and collection

Ran and modified QTP scripts to refresh account data

Placed through Comsys



10-2005 – 05-2006 Bell Tech.logix (Programmer/Web Developer)

Web Developer using ColdFusion and SQL Server

Designed, coded and tested web pages using DreamWeaver and HomeSite to track status of computer repairs for Henrico County schools

Web pages connected to a SQL Server database

Used web enabled XML to send and receive shipping data from UPS website

Created stored procedures and queries using T-SQL



07-2005 – 09-2005 All American Painting (Bookkeeper – Temporary position)

Bookkeeper using QuickBooks Pro 2003

Balanced bank and credit card accounts

Prepared financial statements and reports

Created and organized account files for quicker access

Entered all pending bills, invoices, payments received

Set up and maintained Windows XP network on office computers

Placed through Accountemps



03-2005 – 07-2005 - Circuit City (Temporary position)

Process estimates for approval/denial

Used MS Excel 2003 for entry and tracking of estimates

Created database in MS Access 2003 to track processed estimates and generate reports

Placed through Venturi Staffing



09-2004 – 11-2004 – AB&T (Database Designer – Temporary position)

Designed an MS Access 2000 database to track orders between multiple vendors and product lines using relational database design techniques

Wrote Visual Basic code to import text files in Access tables and Excel spreadsheets

Placed through Manpower



07-2004 – 09-2004 – Ernie Winters (Graphic Designer – Freelance position)

Created screenshots for an E-book about Paint Shop Pro 8

Used SnagIt to create the screenshots.

Used Adobe Photoshop to modify them.



12-2003 – 6-2004 – BrainTrain (Business Coordinator)

Execution of a variety of duties, which included:

Accounting entry using QuickBooks inclusive of accounts receivable, accounts payable, invoicing, order entry and purchasing

Packaged and shipped software orders to customers using UPS, FedEx and US Mail

Responded to customer calls to register software

Helped plan and organize conventions/conferences for company personnel

Coordinated purchasing duties for various office supplies, computer equipment and implemented cost effective price decreases



03-2003 – 09-2003 – IPC Technologies (Consultant)

Worked at Philip Morris as technical support for Windows XP rollout

Managed phone calls from employees who had database (ODBC) connectivity issues, routine MS Office XP and Windows XP questions

Solved said problems through the use of Windows Remote Assistance and Active Directory

Wrote Visual Basic programs for automating data collection and researched file compatibilities for different software packages

Maintained and designed queries on MS Access XP/SQL Server 2000 databases

Worked at Virginia State Corporation Commission for Office XP upgrade project

Converted MS Access 97 databases to MS Access XP

Converted Word Basic macros to Visual Basic for Applications (VBA)

Performed testing on converted databases/macros to verify all functionality was intact





Education and Certifications



A.A.S. in Computer Information Systems, Commonwealth College, graduated Summa Cum Laude.

MS Office Certified Specialist in MS Access and Excel.

Completed 45 online Skillport courses covering SQL Server, ADO.NET and VB .NET



Computer Skills



Application Servers 	IIS, Ubuntu, Windows Server

Tech/Languages	.Net Framework, ASP.NET, C#, WinForms, VB.NET, ADO.Net, Web Services, XML, VBA, Active Directory, SQL, T-SQL, VBScript, JavaScript, MySQL

Development Tools	Visual Studio, Code Lobster

Reporting Tools	Crystal Reports, SSRS

Database		MS SQL Server, MS Access, MySQL

					Version Controls           Visual Source Safe, SourceGear Vault, TFS

Graphics Programs       Adobe Photoshop				

Web Development	MS Expression Web, HTML, CSS

Accounting Tools	QuickBooks Pro



References available upon request\n
SAIKAT KUNDU	

 Senior Software Analyst 

Contact: 727-465-6157

saikatkjobs14@gmail.com

11408 Tivoli Lane Apt -H, St Louis MO-63146



Experience Summary

I have 10 years of experience in requirement analysis, design, architecture, development, implementation, integration and team management. I have extensively worked on Core Java and different J2EE frameworks (spring, Hbernate3.0, Struts) application servers (JBoss, Web Logic and Web Sphere), web server (Tomcat), JS framework (AngularJS1, AngularJS2) and (Restful and SOAP) web services. In my current role I am working as a Full Stack Developer with AWS using EC2, S3,SNS,CFT, RDS, Elastic Cache and Lambda services.

	I have a good understanding of object oriented concepts and design. I have experience in leading technically projects in terms of planning development process, distributing works, mentoring developers, doing high and low level design, code review and code integration.

	

Educational Qualification 



Masters in Computer Applications from West Bengal University of Technology, West Bengal, India

Bachelor of Science in Physics (Honors), Calcutta University, India.









Technical Skills:

Programming        Languages

Core Java, J2EE, Java1.8

Frameworks

 Struts Hibernate 3.0, JSF, Angular 1.2 and Spring 4.

ORM Tools

MySQL, Toad, SQL Developer and Top link.

Design Patterns

MVC, Singleton, Abstract Factory, Factory, Facade patterns.

Web Technologies

JSP, JSF, Servlets, Struts, Spring, Web Services (SOAP, REST), EJB, JAXB, JAX-RS, JPA, XML, XSD, JQuery

IDE TOOLS

Eclipse(Kepler), Net Beans, STS (spring Tool Suite) and Intellij IDEA

Web/Application Servers

	Tomcat 7.x, WebLogic11, web sphere, Carte server and JBoss.

Testing/Build/Version Tools

Gradle, SVN, GIT, Clear Quest, Maven,WINCVS,StarTeam,Log4j,Sring Boot,Spoon,Drools,Jenkins,TeamCity,BeyondCompare,FileZilla,VersionOne,Mockito,Postmaster and Junit.

Languages/Scripting

Java, JavaScript, html, JQuery, css, PL/SQL, UNIX.

Operating Systems

Windows XP/2000/98/95, Solaris and LINUX.

Databases

Oracle, SQLServer11g, DB2, MongoDB, Solr and MySQL.

SDLC Methodologies

Agile and Waterfall 

Modeling Tools

Visual Paradigm













Professional Experience:



Cognizant North America

Client – Capital One, Richmond VA November April’17-till now                  

Senior Java Developer

Project:  Spark plug 

Environment: GIT,github, Maven, lambda, Java1.8, Spring Boot, RESTAPI, SNS, RDS, Step Function, CFT, Cloud Watch, Scala, Spark, EC2, Rout53, Jenkins, Chef, node.js, Mockito, IntelliJ, Kafka, SpringData,Spring Batch, Spring Integration, Python, Docker, Splunk ,cucumber and Angular JS.



Details: BAP is a business process monitoring tool to validate the collection customer paying options and provide the details to upstream with application daily and maintain the business data of card collection.



Responsibilities 

Maintaining Code versions & branching using GIT and git hub.

Work with business subject matter experts (SMEs) to incorporate their requirements into applications.

Translate business requirements into structured systems design using appropriate design methodologies. 

Application services and resources are developed in restful web services.

Creating Post grey database connection implementing RDS service.

Implementing Route 53 to  balance the traffic on different region ..

Creating Technical Specification Documents (TSDs).

Daily updates call for offshore team with technical direction following agile methodology.

Application deployed in Linux Red Hat on EC2 in AWS.

Implementing Micro services architecture with Spring Boot.

Images and assets are stored in S3 Amazon object storage service.

Implementing Lambda function to execute post grey database operation.

Lambda code written inn node.js and java.

Post Grey database are managed in RDS service in AWS.

Chef is implemented to control business process over the application.

Jenkins implemented to maintain CI and CO process.

	







Client – Monsanto, St Louis (USA) November 2016– April’17                  

Senior Java Developer

Project:  Barter (Development)

Environment: GIT, Gradle, Tomcat, Java1.8, Spring Boot, RESTAPI, Mongo db, Jenkins, UNIX and Node JS, Mockito, Angular JS1 and AWS.

Details: Barter is an application which provides a set of services for traders and growers. The main objective of this application is works as interface between grower and trader. It also maintains relation between broker, PMO, audit, grains delivery and billing.



Responsibilities 

Maintaining Code versions & branching using GIT.

Work with business subject matter experts (SMEs) to incorporate their requirements into applications.

Translate business requirements into structured systems design using appropriate design methodologies. 

Application services and resources are developed in restful web services.

Creating JDBC template to connect the database.

Angular JS is implemented to develop UI layer.

Creating build scripts using Maven in local and Gradle in production.

Creating Technical Specification Documents (TSDs).

Daily updates call for offshore team with technical direction following agile methodology.

Application deployed in Linux Red Hat on EC2 in AWS.

Implementing Micro services architecture with Spring Boot.

Images and assets are stored in S3 Amazon object storage service.

Mongo db data managed by Dynamo db service.

Application sessions are managed in Elastic Cache.

MySql data are managed in RDS service in AWS.

IAM (Identity Access Management) and Cloud Watch implemented to support AWS service.

	





Client – Express Script, St Louis (USA) June 2016 – November 2016                  

Senior Java Developer

Project: Invention Router 

Environment: GIT, Maven, Tomcat, Java6, spring, AngularJS1, REST, Junit, Oracle, Jenkins, UNIX and AWS, STS.



Details: Intervention Router is a system which provides a set of services for distribution and usage of medical insurance campaign. The main objective of the IR is to expose key functionality to insurance companies and health institution serve the Drug Campaign report.





Responsibilities: 



Work with shared services teams including Application Architecture to define solutions. 

Sprint planning with client and distributing task over team as onsite coordinator.

Using Gradle for local build.

In a Java environment, develop backend REST web services which query databases and consume client data. 

Writing and reviewing Integration test case with Project owner.

Deploying EC2 instance in AWS.

Creating micro services and deployed in STS.

Using Jenkins for continues Integration between all environments.

Develop api resources and service, Dao Interfaces in REST web services.

Using Spring JTA template to connect Mongo DB.

Writing SQL query to implement the business logic.

AngularJS is implemented to develop UI layer.

We using JUnit and Mockito for unit testing.

Creating Technical Specification Documents (TSDs).

Maintaining Code versions & branching using GIT.

Fixing production issues in Dev and QA environment.

Writing and reviewing Integration test case.

Sprint planning with client and distributing task over team as onsite coordinator.

	









Mind tree USA, Florida

Client – CATALINA MARKETING, St Petersburg (USA) Feb 2015 – June 2016                              

Java Lead Developer

Project:  MEDIA-GATEWAY (Development)

Environment: GIT, JBoss, Java7, spring, JSP, REST-API, SOAP, Jersey, Rabbitmq, Mockito, Team City, Jenkins, Version One, UNIX and Eclipse.



Details: Media Gateway is a system which provides a set of services for distribution and usage of offer content. The main objective of the Media Gateway is to expose key functionality to partners and allow them to better serve the needs of our end consumers.







Responsibilities: 

Generate project skeleton using Gradle artifact.

Involved in project designing activity.

Develop Restful web services using Jersey.

CreatingJDBC template to connect the database.

Writing SQL query to implement the business logic.

AngularJs framework implemented to develop UI layer.

We using Junit and Mockito for unit testing.

Creating Technical Specification Documents (TSDs).

Maintaining Code versions & branching using GIT

Fixing issues in Dev and QA environment.

Writing and reviewing Integration test case with Project owner.

Sprint planning with client and distributing task over team as onsite coordinator.

Coordinating daily updates calls for offshore team with technical direction and mentoring team members.





Dell (Bangalore, India)

Client - Experian, Costa Mesa (USA) 

March 2013 – 6th Feb’2015                             

Java lead 

Project:  Permission (Development)

Environment: Maven, GIT, Toad, spring, DB2, JBoss, Java 1.6, spoon, dozer, drools, MongoDB, Kettle,

Soap and REST Web services, Jenkins, jQuery and eclipse.



Details: EXPERIAN is a powerful enterprise-wide core administrative technology solution that provides a secure, robust, and flexible environment so that credit bureau organizations can manage information in real time. It is an agile project.



Responsibilities 

Generate project skeleton using Maven archetype.

Develop api resources and service, Dao Interfaces.

Develop Restful web services using Jersey and consuming and producing SOAP web services through Apache axis2.

Creating Data Source for Mongo, DB2 and MySQL database in different Dao classes and integrate with spring Template.

Writing SQL query to implement the business logic.

Creating JSF to develop UI layer.

We executed unit testing through Junit.

Maintaining Code versions using SVN

Fixing issues in Dev and QA environment.

Validating the data object through Drools.

Daily stand up call with onshore technical team.

Deploying war file in UNIX environment.



Dell (Bangalore, India)

Client - Kaiser, Texas (USA) 

April 2011 – March 2013          

Java lead 

Project:  XCELYS

Environment:  JSF, Oracle 11g, JBoss, Core Java, XML, XSD, SOA,EJB, JQuery, ESB, SOAP Web services and eclipse.



Details: XCELYS enables health plan organization to collect, process, exchange, organize, and retrieve important member, provider, authorization, capitation, billing, and claims data, ranging from member eligibility to provider contract demographics and claims experience. 



Responsibilities:

Producing SOAP web services through Apache axis2.

Creating mapping file and hibernate configuration and integrating Struts framework.

JSP and Struts framework to implement to developed UI layer.

Maintaining Code versions using SVN.

Fixing issues in Dev and QA environment.

Daily stand up call with onshore technical team.

Writing Unit test case and execute.

	

	

	

	

	Mind tree, India (Bangalore)

Client - Procter &Gamble, USA 

February 2010 – April 2011                                       

Module Lead

Project:  P&G (Enhancement and Production Support)



Environment: JSP, Struts, spring, Oracle 10g, Tomcat, Apache 2, hibernate and eclipse.



Details: This project intended to develop a new portal for P&G brands make every day just a little better for billions of consumers around the world. It is a web based software application where user reviews, login, product information everything is available. 







Responsibilities:



Interacting with client during Transition and M&O phase and requirement gathering. 

Developing Female and Fabricate products portals.

Execution of the prepared Unit-Test Cases.

Handling Codes in staging and production.

Database handling in staging.

Fixing staging and production issues.

Leading bounce and gain module.

Preparing module development estimation. 

	



	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	Mind tree, India (Bangalore)

Client – Government of India, India 

October 2009 – February 2010                                    

Senior Java Developer 

Project:  Emitra (Development)



Environment: JSP, Struts, JavaScript, Oracle 10g, Tomcat, eclipse and spring.

Details: 

Emitra is web portal application for Rajasthan government. This application used to submit the all kind’s data like birth Certificate, ration card, and voter card etc. document needs government affiliation and provided automation to validate and prepare hard copy of all documents and approval. 







Responsibilities:



Preparing Design Document.

Execution of the prepared Unit-Test Cases.

Handling Codes in staging and production.

Preparing deployment documents

Deploying jars in Linux server  

Developing and leading all modules.

	

	

	

	

	

	

	Zensar Technologies (Pune), India

	March 2008 – Jan 2009    

	Client – Discovery Bank, SA                                  

	 Java Developer 

	Project:  Discovery (Development)

	Environment: JSP, Hibernate, Oracle 9i and spring.

	

	Details: The Discovery Account Configuration Project is a system that will have administration screens to maintain accounts and transaction information and manage the configuration of the Accounts. 

	

	Responsibilities:

Coding for module Account Category. 

Execution of the prepared Unit-Test Cases.

Interacting with Client during requirement analysis.

Preparing TRS.

POC on hibernate framework.

	

	

	

	

	

	

	Zensar Technologies (Pune), India  

	January 2007 – March 2008

	Client – Investec Bank, SA                                  

	 Java Developer 

	Project:  RADAR (CRM Application) 

	Environnent :   Core Java (1.4.2), SQL Server, Oracle 10g, Paragon (Client Framework)

	

	

	Details:  The Investec RADAR Project is Client Relation Management Application of Investec Private Bank with a User-Interface which monitor all the information which are transfer from one host system to anther and client information in an organized way. 

	

	

	Responsibilities:

Coding for module BASEL.

Interacting with Client during requirement analysis.

Preparing SRS.

Preparing UML Diagrams.

Developed Auto saved module 

Preparation of Use Cases, Unit Test Plans and execution of UTC.\n
EDUCATION







	• 	MA





	•	BA 





EMPLOYMENT




KRISTOFER DUBBELS

CONTACT







github.com/kdubbels kristoferdubbels.com







 Boost Labs, Gaithersburg, 

	• 	Create interactive data visualizations using

	• 	Work with graphic designers to add interactivity to data visualizations

	• 	Created app that programmatically generates pixel perfect print spreads using Backbone and

			• 	Introduced important security measures to 	-based	application

			• 	Refactored	-based	application to improve performance and utilize Ajax





, Information Policy and Access Center, College Park, D

	• 	Created content and designs for policy briefs, brochures, and other printed material

	• 	Created text and graphic content for Digital Inclusion Survey website

	• 	Uploaded and maintained content on Digital Inclusion Survey website

	• 	Created data visualizations from quantitative data

		• 	Analyzed survey data with	statistical software

	• 	Successfully wrote Executive and Extended Summaries for Digital Inclusion Survey

	• 	Successfully designed layout for Digital Inclusion Survey Executive Summary



, Big Wheel Bikes, Bethesda, 

	• 	Built and repaired bicycles

	• 	Sold bicycles, placed special orders, assisted with customer inquiries

, Dubbels Farms, Fergus Falls, 

	• 	Maintained and repaired farm equipment





	• 	Successfully completed  research project on the history of sociological thought





	Database	SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres







		Design	  Illustrator, InDesign Tools	Bash, Vim, Git Deployment	Heroku, AWS







Scheme, Clojure, Haskell, Prolog, Node, Express, Socket.io, Bourbon.io, and a dash of C


, AngularJS\n
Kalkidan Ashenafi, BS

																

Executive Summary

6+ years of IT experience in Software testing with focus on manual and automated testing of web-based, client server and data warehouse applications. 

Excellent knowledge in complete Software Life Cycle Process, analyzing requirements and business needs, developing test plans and test strategy for execution.

Experienced in Defect life cycle management and different methodologies like Waterfall, Agile, and Scrum.

Extensively experienced in performing Manual and Automated Testing.  

Experienced with various types of testing like GUI testing, Web testing, Regression testing, User Acceptance Testing, Functional Testing, System Testing, Integration Testing, End to End Testing, Unit Testing.

Experienced in analyzing business specification documents, designing and developing Test Plans, writing and executing Test Cases.

Good knowledge of Web interface automation testing with Selenium Web Driver, Java and TestNG.

Experienced in developing automated test scripts for web based testing as well as testing of web services using Java/TestNG.

Good experience in Unit Testing, Functional testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Regression and Integration testing.

Proficient in executing black box testing and white box testing for various service oriented applications.

Experienced in working with continuous integration tool Jenkins for build automation and JIRA for defect tracking.

Experienced in writing test cases using Eclipse, Intellij IDE and TestNG framework.

Experienced in developing automation scenarios consisting of tests, actions, and assertions in Eclipse using Selenium Web Driver and TestNG frameworks.

Experienced with ALM/Quality Center for organizing and documenting test cases.

Experienced in writing SQL queries for back-end testing and validation of data.

Exceptional analytical, problem solving and communication skills. 

A good team player with the ability to communicate effectively at all levels and a motivator, with a strong willingness to learn.

Technical Skills

Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid, Maven, Sauce labs, Quality Center, QTP, Soap UI

Bug Tracking Tools: JIRA, Quality Center

Databases: SQL Server,Oracle

Web Technologies: ASP, XML, HTML, VB, VB.Net, ASP.Net.

Testing Framework: JUnit,TestNG, Appium,Cucumber

Continuous Integration: Jenkins

IDE: Eclipse, Intellij IDEA

Servers: Web logic, Web Sphere, Apache. 

Languages: JAVA, PYTHON,C/C++, SQL, PL/SQL, VB script, Java Script.

Repository System: GitHub, Subversion

Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX.

Work Experience

Sallie Mae, Reston, VA							             February 2014 – Present

Selenium Automation Engineer

Extensively involved in all stages of testing life cycle, Test Driven Development methodologies, Software Development Life cycle (SDLC) using Waterfall, Agile methodologies.  

Developed and implemented robust MVC pattern base testing with Selenium WebDriver which cut down the script development time in half.

Designed and Developed Test Cases for automated testing using Selenium, TestNG and Eclipse IDE.

Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse, IDE and TestNG framework.

Configured Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven tool and created selenium automation scripts in java using TestNG prior to agile release. 

Created test cases, scripts based on functional specification, prepared test data for simultaneous and combined Trade testing.

Developed Test cases manually and generated Automation Scripts using open source tools like Selenium Web Driver, TestNG, SOAP UI, Maven and Jenkins.

Worked on distributed test automation execution on different environment as part of Continuous Integration Process using Selenium Grid and Jenkins.

Involved in Designing& Developing data driven framework using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and implemented Java Mail to send the regression result automatically.

Created and enhanced numerous test scripts to handle changes in the objects, in the tested application’s GUI and in the testing environment using Selenium WebDriver.

Developed test automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver for regression and performance testing of the various releases of the application.

Worked on Selenium GUI Object / element verification is done through XPath, CSSLocators.

Used TestNG Annotations in Selenium WebDriver and executed a batch of tests as TestNG suite.

Used TestNG framework to run unit test and Maven to build the Project.

Extensively used Page Objects design and page navigation framework for readable test script and easy maintenance from developer perspectives.

Created XML based test suit and integrated with Jenkins Server to execute automation scripts on a regular basis by scheduling Jenkins jobs in different test environments with different test configurations.

Involved in acceptance testing using Cucumber and Selenium WebDriver.

Involved in validating Sanity, functional, Integration and Regression test suites using Selenium and the request and response of the WebServices (SOA) through SOAP UI.

Used Firebug to do web based application testing with selenium for the commands and locator application.

Used SOAP UI tool to test SOA based architecture application to test SOAP services and REST API.

Involved in WebServices Testing using SOAP UI to create and execute automated functional, regression, compliance, and load tests.

Involved in executing SQL queries and PL/SQL procedures, functions and packages for backend testing.

Conducted backend testing using SQL queries to validate data for database. 

Used SQL Queries to verify the data from the Oracle database.

Used ClearCase, Subversion for code repositories and Maven for the dependencies. 

Worked closely with the Developers in the review and modification of the product and its specifications using Agile-testing methodology.



Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, Cucumber, SOAP UI, Eclipse,, TDD, Agile, HTML, XML, XPath, JavaScript, ALM, Firebug, SQL, PLSQL, Oracle, UNIX, Windows.



Verizon, Silver Spring, MD               			         	             September 2012 – January 2014

Automation Engineer

Represented QA function in Agile Sprints.

Involved in defining scope for testing within the context of each sprint / delivery.

Developed Selenium WebDriver test cases using Java, TestNG framework.

Developed automation framework for Selenium WebDriver in Page Object Model Framework.

Leveraged Java (Eclipse IDE) to access and test various operations. Performed Regression and Integration Testing using TestNG framework and executed assertions.

Automated regression test cases using Java Responsible in executing Selenium test scripts on different browsers and checked for compatibility

Developed new and updated existing Automation test cases using selenium WebDriver and TestNG, using SVN as VCS for java based web application, using Maven as Build tool. 

Implemented properties files to read configurations and XPath of elements in the application for better readability of the code.

Integrated TestNG with Selenium using Eclipse to generate test execution result.

Had regular meetings with Developers to report various problems.

Developed ANT Build scripts to run Sanity Test scripts developed in Selenium WebDriver (java).

Validated the database by executing SQL queries.

Developed Automation scripts for new enhancements using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG.

Coordinated with technical support associates to fix proprietary software issues.

Used Firebug, and XPath to work with the application objects.

Used Jira for bug tracking.  



Environment: Java, TestNG, Java Script, Selenium WebDriver/IDE, SQL, UNIX, ANT, Jira, MySQL.



Wells Fargo, Richmond, VA               			         	                           May 2010 – August 2012

Automation Engineer

	Responsible for periodic updating of Test Plans and Test Cases as per Requirement Specifications and Business rules.

	Developed automated scripts using Selenium RC and Implemented Frame work for Selenium RC scripts using Java.

	Created and enhanced numerous test scripts to handle changes in the objects, in the tested application’s GUI and in the testing environment using Selenium RC.

	Involved in Automation of the test cases using Selenium RC, Junit and Ant.

	Create Junit HTML test report for the entire test suite.

	Developed Java based library to read test data from XML & Properties files using Junit and Selenium.

	Parallel, Cross-Browser Testing using Selenium GRID and Junit.

	Configured ANT build scripts to run tests, develops reports and send notifications.

	Used Selenium RC for testing different browser, Selenium Grid for checking instance of server and Selenium IDE for record and playback.

	Conducted Regression Testing whenever some code module was changed identified risks and developed mitigation strategies. 

	Performed Regression testing on new builds, every modification in the application using Selenium RC.

	Performed regression testing using QC by modifying and documenting the existing scripts.

	Performed back-end testing using SQL queries to validate the data in the back-end SQL Server.

	Executed automated testing in QC to test the front-end functionality of the application.

	Used HP Quality Center for viewing and analyzing test results and also for defect tracking and reporting which occurred during execution of test scripts.

	Wrote SQL queries for validating the data mapping and data integrity.

	Involved in status reporting, project meetings and project planning with the team.	

	

	Environment: Java, Selenium (RC/IDE/Grid) QC, Junit, Ant, Soap, MS Word, MS Excel, Oracle, Windows.

Education

B.S. Economics, George Mason University, VA

Associate of Science in Computer Science, Nothern Virginia Community College, VA



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Kalkidan Ashenafi	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 4\n
Ishan Goradia
4316 Rowalt Drive #101

College Park, MD 20740

(240) 330-5904

ishan.goradia@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
2016
Master of Science in Information Systems; GPA: 3.6/4
Relevant Coursework: Data Mining, Project Management, Big Data, Business Process Analysis, Data Models and Decisions
Dwarkadas J. Sanghvi College of Engineering, University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Focus Area: Computer Engineering

2015

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
FactGem, College Park, MD
Data Analyst Intern



Integrated Cypher queries in RStudio to extract transaction and customer data from graphical Neo4j database in order to gain
valuable insights through affinity analysis and data visualization.
Assisting the lead data scientist with performing the basket analysis using Cypher, and developed R scripts to speed up some
of the processing of the application.

Airpay Payment Services, Mumbai, India
Data Analyst Intern




May 2016 - Ongoing

2014

Gathered data by applying mining and filtering techniques on online sources and contributed to the expansion of existing
databases of the firm’s potential customers.
Interacted with a potential client and helped devise an innovative solution to increase their efficiency, thereby facilitating the
client signing on with the firm.

ACADEMIC EXPERIENCE
Predictive analysis of relationship between quality ranking of wine & its chemical properties




Utilized variable selection methods and developed predictive models using logistic regression, classification trees, and random
forest to accurately predict the quality of wine from examining the wine’s chemical properties with a 90% sensitivity rate.
Deep-dived into the data to create analyses and visualizations to draw insights and key metrics useful for decision-making.

Amazon Fine Food Reviews








2015

Developed a set of variables using Microsoft Excel and used variable transformation in a regression model to obtain the best
available choices from the given statistical data set.
Received extra credit for developing a model with high accuracy and low error rate when compared to actual results.

Database Management System for a Housing Community



2016

Curating and organizing big data spanning a period of 10 years and over 500,000 entries along with loading & managing it on
a Hadoop cluster using Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Analyzing the data by segments through the use of Pig & Hive to find seasonal patterns in the reviews, classifying reviewers’
nature based on tone & language, and building a prediction model using Spark to predict the sentiment of the reviews.

Regression-based analysis for predicting best diamond



2016

2015

Designed and developed an interactive database application for a housing community by creating a relational database that
manages resident details, their leases, payments and maintenance vendors.
Created and modified various Extract, Transform, Load SQL scripts to query the transactional database built with MS SQL
Server to display the result using HTML and PHP on a webpage.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION





Technical Skills: R, Cypher, Neo4j, SQL, Python, MS Excel, MS SQL Server, MS Project, Stat Tools, R Studio, Hadoop,
Amazon Web Services (AWS), Agile/SCRUM software development methodology.
Certification: Ethical Hacking & Information Security course, R Analytics certificate program.
Headed the event management team for college chapter of Computer Society of India (CSI); mentored and delegated
responsibilities to 20 volunteers for organizing workshops in college.

\n
SOHNI NAGPAL
8125 48th Avenue, Apt 305, College park, Maryland 20740  240.495.4222 sohni.nagpal@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION:
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems (3.518)

December 2016

 Relevant course work: Big Data, Data mining , Data models and Decisions, Database Management Systems, Data networks,
Managing Digital Business Markets, , Strategic and Transformational IT, Business Process Analysis, Project Management
Thadomal Shahani Engineering College, Mumbai, India  
Bachelor of Engineering: Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering (72.61%)

July 2015

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE:
Graduate Research Assistant University of Maryland, College Park
January 2016- present
Working on a research project on Sports analytics that involves web scraping using Python and developing a predictive model
on the team wins based on the analysis of web scraped Basketball players and teams data.
Internship at National Thermal Power Corporation, Mumbai, India
September 2014- October 2014
• Created a web application for employee suggestions regarding the pay revision
• The application became a part of the company’s intranet and it was developed using ASP.net, C# and SQL server database.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Analytical: Spreadsheet Modeling( MS Excel), R, Tableau, StatTools, Precision Tree, @risk; Programming: PHP, Python, R,
C++, MATLAB; Databases: MySQL, RDBMS;Big Data( Hadoop-Pig.Hive, Sqoop, Flume); Web Development: ASP.net
HTML5, CSS; Miscellaneous: MS Office, Arduino, Wireshark, AutoCAD, Express PCB, IBM Bluemix
ADDITIONAL PROJECTS
Big Data – Reddit Dataset
•
•
•

Analyze and predict systematic trends in the main themes that emerge from discussion forums across days.
Extract the most influential forums and present them in a visually appealing manner using Pig, Hive and Impala
Predict how many responses each discussion thread is likely to gather using Spark.

Business Process Analysis -Online Billing Report Generator System



March 2016-Present

January 2016-Present

Designed a system that makes use of Agile methodology to gather client’s business requirements and application development.
Project involves data retrieval, scrubbing, processing, and storing; and web development using PHP, MySQL and HTML5.

Database Management Systems- SSRV Railways
December 2015
 Developed a robust railway management system using SQL which facilitates users in carrying out all booking related
transactions efficiently, enables its employees to keep track of these activities and make changes in trains schedules and ticket
allotments.
 Worked on SQL for back end including ERD, logical and physical design; and developed front end using PHP and HTML
LEADERSHIP AND VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Smith Master Student Association
September 2015
Ambassador
The Management Society, TSEC
June 2013-June 2014
Creative Head
• Mentored a seven-member team of diverse personalities in deadline driven environment and thus conceptualized and executed
two national level festivals with a $5000 budget within two months of preparation.
• Devised and executed a strategic plan of action including searching and negotiating suitable venues to ensure cost of events
remains under pre-determined budget.
The Rotary Club of Bombay West, Mumbai
November 2013
Volunteer
 Participated in numerous street plays and flash mobs on social causes aimed at public awareness and other fund raising events.

\n
SAUMITRA DABRAL
8601, 34th Avenue College Park, MD, 20740
Phone Number (301-377-3455)

saumitra.dabral@rhsmith.umd.edu

EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science, Focus Area: Supply Chain Management
(GPA-3.95)
Member of APICS

Manipal Institute of Technology, Karnataka, India
Bachelor of Technology, Focus Area: Computer Science

Expected - 12/2017

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Larsen & Toubro Infotech Ltd, Airoli, India
Software Intern
[ 08 June 2015 – 17 July 2015]
 Led a team of 3 to develop approximately 20 web page components of SPLICE-M (tool to automate software
 development life cycle processes) using ASP.NET, increasing operational efficiency by 12%.
 Conducted testing and debugging for other components generated and provided constructive feedback to
 testing manager, reducing errors by 5%.
 Received a Letter of Recommendation from Project Manager at L & T Infotech for work as a software intern
over period of 6 weeks.
The Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Graduate Research Assistant
[January 2017 – Present]
 Leveraging Bloomberg Terminal with a team of 8, to analyze data of over 200 companies in support of supply
chain resiliency.
 Perform comparative analyses to examine impact of Fortune 500 c-suite executives’ past career experience.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Project Management System
 Devised to enable user to access roughly 8 functionalities relevant to particular business according to specific
 role assigned; Manager or Subordinate.
 Designed and programmed easily operated platform designed to increase efficiency of small enterprise by
almost 10%; executed using Visual Studio 2010 and coded in C-sharp.
SUPPLY CHAIN SIMULATIONS
 Co-led team of 4 for Supply Chain Case Competition organized by APICS.

 Member of 4-man team which represented University of Maryland at first annual Supply Chain Case
Competition held at Texas Christian University. 
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
 Led Manipal Institute of Technology- A cricket team to victory in Inter College Cricket tournament-MAHE,
 2015 and received a Certificate of Appreciation from Director of Physical Education.
 Assisted Sports Council of Manipal to organize Inter College Cricket Tournament comprising of 16 teams.
RELEVANT COURSEWORK
 Global supply chain planning

 SAP software & enterprise resource planning.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION








Demonstrate good command over programming languages C, C++, ASP.NET.
Completed 40-hour course JAVA- SE 7 in advanced Java with distinction.
Possess good communication and managerial skills having managed a cricket team of 32 in college.
Member of 16-man squad representing Manipal University in Inter-University South Zone cricket tournament.

2016

\n
Fred T. Tucker Jr.

368 N 3rd St

Cocoa Beach, FL

719.323.4692

fred.tuckerjr@gmail.com



Career Overview

SYSTEM SOFTWARE

Networks:  Wireless 802.11, Ethernet, VPN, TCP/IP, PPP, DUN, DNS, Intranet and ISP, Windows Server 2003 – 2008, Surveillance System Implementation, including Windows browsers, Android and I-Phone platforms.  Linksys routers to include - Firewall; DMZ, Port forwarding (UDP and TCP)



Hardware:  IBM compatible PCs; including laptops, modem and network cards, SSD, HDD, PCI, SCSI, IDE, memory, motherboards, modems, jumper, Canon, Xerox, HP, Konica Minolta, Lexmark printers 



System Software:  DOS (all versions) Windows (all versions), MAC system 4 though 7



Software:  PACS,  Altiris, SMS, Cross-platform: DOS and Windows applications, SQL servers, MS Office 2003 - 2007, 2010, Office 365, GroupWise, Lotus Notes 8.5.3, SSO Vergence, Remedy, LANDESK Management Console,  Bomgar, MS Access, MS Project, create Active Directories, establish Group Policies, backups/restores, create  NTFS permissions, WebDAV, Windows XP -8.1, Microsoft System Center SCCM 2012,



                                                                   EDUCATION



A+ Certification : Managing and Maintaining a Windows Server 2003 Environment Training

Dell Certified

Cisco Certification in progress

Implementation of TCP/IP in WinNT and 95 Certification; Learning Tree International

Microsoft Certified Course 803-Administering Microsoft Windows NT4; Track On

Managing and Maintaining a Windows Server 2003 Environment Training

DNS, Replication, Group Policy for Corporate Policy on Domain Infrastructure.

Group Policy for Wireless Connections with setting appropriate permissions

Brevard Community College, Melbourne, FL – AA Business Administration





EXPERIENCE



Health First – Brevard County, FL                                                                             (Contractual Position)                         

Field Technician………………………………………………...…………… July 2017–Present

Support for Production and Migration all Health First Hospitals. 

Citrix, Remote Access, Novell Zenworks, Office 365, GroupWise, Remedy, LanDesk

Implementation, troubleshooting, and support of computer systems, network equipment, and applications related to core systems. 

Imaging with LanDesk and usb stick using local network to image laptops, desktops and tablets.  Image selection (software, drivers, etc.) dependent on department. Windows XP, 7, 8.1 and 10



Wuesthoff Health Care System /- Kforce

Brevard County, FL                                                                             (Contractual Position)                         

Migration Lead………………………………………………...…………… April 2017



Upgrade of 50 -60 users over a 4 day span

Supervised 3 technicians working as a team 

Imaged laptops and small form desktops









CVS – Brevard County, FL                                                                             (Contractual Position)                         

Field Technician………………………………………………...…………… May 2016–April 2017

Support Rx (Pharmacy), network, printers and phone systems.

Maintain and backup of IBM and HP Blade server.

Maintain Kodak Photo Kiosks, photo printers and Kodak software upgrades

Replace/fix 742 base registers and point of sales (POS) terminals





Health First – Brevard County, FL                                                                             (Contractual Position)                         

Field Technician………………………………………………...…………… May 2015–May 2016

Support for Production and Migration all Health First Hospitals. 

Citrix, Remote Access, Novell Zenworks, Office 365, GroupWise, Remedy

Implementation, troubleshooting, and support of computer systems, network equipment, and applications related to core systems. 

Imaging with LanDesk and usb stick using local network to image laptops, desktops and tablets.  Image selection (software, drivers, etc.) dependent on department. Windows XP, 7, 8.1 and 10





Hancock Bank – Tampa, FL                                                                             (Contractual Position)                         

Migration Engineer……………………………………………..……………January 2015 –April  2015

Involved in all aspects of migration of Hancock Bank branches to Windows 7; this includes “back office” backups and teller machines upgrades.   Application installation includes; Service Pro, Encore, Outlook 2010 , verified Online Foreign Exchange,  Oracle People Soft, OnBase and Common View ACH. 

Kennedy’s Inc. – Cape Canaveral, FL                                                                             (Contractual Position)                         

Security Analyst…………………………………………………………….. July 2014 –September 2014 

Surveillance System Implementation, including Windows browsers, Android and I-Phone platform

Community Health Systems

Infrastructure Engineer……………………………………………………….October 2013—July 2014



Team Lead for Windows 7 Automation project— nationwide rollout of all hospitals and clinics.

SSO installation and configuration, both stand-alone application or from SCCM.  Machine then added as member to the SSO Vergence group policy.  

Cerner Clinical application menus configured depending on individual applications frequency or request from user.

Used Active Directory ARS (Active Roles Server) both application and web interface.

Added and removed machines to CHS.us.net domain, added and removed various OU policies memberships to and from machines, added and removed users (including resetting user passwords), Hauser, Citrix client install and configuration, Citrix management console, pre and post GO-LIVE support, added machines to specific Cerner printer memberships with Active Directory ARS, added scanner drivers within Cerner Clinical WTS.

Worked with Security Analysts and am familiar with provisioning within the Cerner Clinical Application.

Cerner Surgical areas; IBM Client Access-AS400 sessions, Operating Rooms; Surgicount 360, boom monitors, Endo, Diagnostic Imaging areas, PACU, NICU, Labor and Delivery, Nurse stations PACS, Pyxsis, Emprint, SSO Vergence, Microsoft System Center SCCM 2012, AD creation of computers and memberships, Disk2VHD, Cerner, PACS, Zebra printers, WOW’s, Pyxis Stations-Med Rooms, AIO’s

Disney World, Orlando FL

Migration Engineer…………………………………………………………..June, 2013—October, 2013

 Ongoing refresh of HP leased machines at the end of cycle –replaced. 

 Data backup from Windows XP  to Windows 7 

 Printers, plotters, network, setup AutoCAD and various department applications

 All Disney Parks serviced

	HMA (Wuesthoff Hospital),- Rockledge, FL                                                     (Contractual Position)

IT Support……………………………………………………………………February 2013—June 2013

Inventory of IT components, Installed, configured Card/Check Readers, Installed and configured Nuances Dragon software and satellite offices , Brevard , Co

Prime Therapeutics- Orlando, FL

Senior Field Operations Analyst…………………………………......November 2011-September 2012 

Sole IT Resource; On boarded incoming new health care and pharmacy personnel  

Imaged and built and setup laptops, printers, workstations, print queues 

Cat 5 network cabling, punch into data/voice patch panels, router, jacks, etc.

AD account resets; SCCM adding members  to software OU; set up video conference  equipment;

Racked incoming McKesson and Blue Cross servers; configured 14 Dell Windows Server 2008

VOIP Cisco phones set up for all pc and incoming personnel

Did ALL that was required get  office/training  center up and running;

Managed cleaning crews, supply and maintenance crews/vendors, shipping and receiving

TekSystems/McKesson, -Denver. CO                                                                        (Contractual Position)                                                                                           System Analyst………..……………………………………………………. January 2011—August 2011

Installed and maintained and upgraded windows 

Replaced PC systems added McKesson software for the radiology department at dozens of hospitals nationwide; replaced monitors with high-end radiology monitors and calibrated; replaced with new leased machines, monitors and peripherals where necessary using appropriate regional images. 

Install and configuration of PACS

TekSystems/Catholic Health Initiatives, -Englewood CO                          (Contractual Position)

Security Analyst………………………………………………………………October 2010-December 2011

Scanned Exchange 2007 mailboxes for certain criteria using ONTRACK Power tools
WSUS, SCOM and SUS
Archive disabled user email accounts
QA for Exchange Server 2010 and Windows Server 2008 production images

TekSystems/NREL, U.S. Department of Energy’s National Renewable Energy Laboratory, Golden, CO                                                                                                                    (Contractual Position)  

Migration support………………………………………………………...August 2010—October 2010       



Upgrade and replaced PC’s and Apple machines and peripherals 

TekSystems/CDHS, Colorado Department of Health Services, -Colorado Springs,CO (Contractual Position)

Systems Engineer……………………………………………………………February 2010—April 2010

Itinerant position including entire state of Colorado; wipe hard drives to DOD standards, update servers; 2003 servers were up- dated with accepted patches; transferred important user data to network, replaced with new leased machines, monitors and peripherals where necessary using appropriate regional images; computers were tested and troubleshot for any problems; re- moved leased machines and monitors, returning them to Hewlett Packard

Leaderquest, Colorado Springs, CO 

Student………………………………………………………………October 2009—February 2010

Managing and maintaining Windows Server 2003 environment training for MCSE, MCSA, and MCP certification. DNS, Replication, Group Policy for Corporate Policy on Domain Infrastructure, designing Server 2003 Enterprise Environments, group policy for wireless connections with setting appropriate permissions

New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation(NYCHHC), New York City NY

Active Directory Desktop Administrator—………………………………….January 2008—June 2008



 Active Directory migration for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation,

Moved all users and computers from the old domain to a new centralized domain including group policies; 2000 users, seamless migration of all computers and users to new centralized domain;

Visual Basic scripting to automate processes; script consisted of logging users off their PC while releasing and renewing IP’s, scripts to find which services the computers used, the operating systems and if the users were logged on or not; computers were mix of: NT, XP and Vista and servers were Windows 2000 and 2003, Linux

Computer Merchant, Danbury Hospital, Danbury CT                         (Contractual Position)

Support Engineer ………………………………………………………August 2007—December 2008

Project rollout and Desktop Support for Danbury Hospital expansion; installed computers, printers, pertinent medical software, armband printers, etc. 

Perot Systems Corporation\UBS, -Stamford CT 

Support Engineer..………………………………………………………January 2004-December 2008

Installed VOIP video cards, cameras and punched connections in network closet; desktop support for United Bank of Switzerland (UBS), the world’s largest trading floor; keep traders up and running at all times; installing all software; rebuild software image on machine; swap out, if required; fix all trader software problems without exception either remotely or directly in an efficient and expedient manner; proficient with all Blackberries i.e., AT&T, Cingular, Verizon; Software: Linux, XP, Server 2003, MS Office, Bloomberg, Reuters Plus, Thomas Financials ILX, NASDAQ, etc.

Morgan Stanley/Siemens Business Services, - New York NY

Support Engineer, Team Leader………………………………………………….August 2003—July 2004



Windows XP rollout and desktop support for Morgan Stanley, this includes support of the trading floor, law firm, and all business units covering the New York City and New Jersey area; project included team leader/supervisor for the Morgan Stanley support center overseeing 50 technicians

Installed and monitored IBM blades for their emergency backup facility; Network: Ethernet, Tivoli, Active Directory, etc.; Software: Reuters, Bloomberg, Reuters Plus, Thomas Financials ILX, NASDAQ, etc.

Computer Merchants, Stamford CT                                                                          (Contractual Position)

Systems and Network Analyst……………………………………………...January 2003—August 2003

Windows XP deployment for AXA Insurance and various projects in the tri-state area

First Consulting Group, Stamford CT                                                  (Contractual Position)

Systems and Network Analyst …………………………………………….February 2003—July 2003

Windows 2000 deployment for Stamford Hospital using the Altiris packaging system, including on-site desktop support.

Summit Technologies\Starbucks, West Hartford CT                                         (Contractual Position)

Wi-Fi Install……………………………………………………………….March 2002—December 2002

Install of wireless (802.11b) Cisco router networks, routers and bridges for ALL Connecticut Starbucks

Compaq/Pitney Bowes, -Stamford CT                                                                      (Contractual Position)

Team Lead/Project Leader ………………………………………………….June 2001—March 2002

Technical Lead for nationwide rollout/migration. This included pre-rollout development of backup scripts, bootable disks, and computer staging and shipping; migration of Pitney Bowes, Inc. national sites to Windows 2000. 

Upgrade/replace hardware as required. 

Ghost Image laptops/PCs, data backup, install applications, installing/configuring Windows 2000 servers, Windows 2000 security configuration and maintain inventory tracking and documentation of assigned national sites. 

Utilized Access and Excel to report and receive communication for each site; demonstrated ability to be a solid technical resource to all customer-facing personnel; train/manage up to 10 temporary technicians at each site; interface with all levels of assigned customers, Pitney Bowes and Compaq management. 

Traveled extensively, up to three months at a time; made all travel arrangements and shipping arrangements, as required; Network: Novell Netware, NT Advanced Servers, 2000 Advanced Servers

Gartner, Stamford CT 

Senior Sales Support Engineer………………………………………………..September 1999—May 2001



Participated in all stages of software/hardware support for global sas force of 4,000; traveled to global symposiums, migrating the entire worldwide sales forces IBM ThinkPad laptops to Windows 2000, as many as 200 a day; while at the Corporate office, duties included senior technical support leading a crew of 4, providing 24/7 technical support for all software and hardware issues, including telecommunications; trained sales force with proprietary financial forecasting software based on SQL database, submitting  forecasts, monitoring SQL database, etc.; advanced tier support for escalated issues. 

Network: Set up client VPNs, Novell Netware, NT Advanced Servers, 2000 Advanced Servers, MS Ex- change Server, Ethernet, VPN, DUN, etc. Software: Ghost Imaging, Outlook 2000, MS Access, MS Project 2000, MS Office 2000, Reach Out, Norton, McAfee, SAP, Lotus Notes. Recognized for quick response and sensitivity to clients concerns; received MVP Award for outstanding project work.\n
Matthew Bukowski
Work Experience:
Harris Interactive, Sterling, VA
June 2013 - Present
Technical Writer
Key Work Experience:
● Research, develop, draft, and maintain extensive library of documents for Department of State
Information Technology professionals at embassies around the world
● Update and create documents in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
● Interact with technical developers and engineers to perform end-to-end quality assurances of the
technology ranging from peripheral hardware to entire network
● Upload documents to SharePoint website being viewed and accessed by multilingual IT technical
professionals all over the world
● Interact with end users to clarify, edit, update, and hone documentation to end user needs as systems
change and develop
● Personally interact with customers to ensure satisfaction with final product
● Perform duties according to complex and ever changing business practices in order to be compliant with
ISO, government standards, and style guides
● Meet tight deadlines on documentation for programs and systems being implemented around the world
Eagle Productivity, Rochester, NY
September 2012 – February 2013
Technical Writer
Key Work Experience:
● Created, developed, and designed education and training materials for business professionals working
with new technology
● Updated and created documents in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
● Worked as end user in complex end-to-end procedures within any suite of complex business-specific
applications and databases to gain in-depth knowledge of client-specific practices and needs
● Performed according to the varying style guides of several different companies and clients
● Interacted with end users to clarify, edit, update, and hone documentation to end user needs as systems
change and develop
● Personally interacted with customers to ensure satisfaction with final product
Afterimage Magazine, Rochester, NY
August 2011 – August 2012
Copy Editor/Fact Checker
Key Work Experience:
● Wrote and edited material for Project Inklight, a site building clients’ strategic communications and
branding
● Performed fact-checking for print magazine
● Performed duties according to strident style guide and tight deadlines
● Interacted with authors to hone journalism and essays for publication
● Managed freelance and online content from amateur poets responding to online contests
Publications

Matthew Bukowski

Paradyme Management, Inc.

Page 1 of 2

●
●

Short Story “July 1941”published in Writer’s House Apollo Magazine
Short Story “Dishwashing” published in North Central College Review

Fall 2009
Spring 2008

Kaplan TestPrep, Alexandria, VA & Rochester, NY
December 2009 – Present
Instructor/Tutor
Key Work Experience:
● Design, customize, and present lesson plans for students preparing for standardized tests
● Teach daily lessons and work individually with students to tutor in math, vocabulary, and writing skills
TEDxFlourCity, Rochester, NY
June 2012
Emcee
Key Work Experience:
● Served as emcee for the inaugural TEDxFlourCity event with 150 attendees, entertaining audience and
introducing 14 speakers
Starbucks Coffee Company, Binghamton, NY
August 2009 – May 2011
Shift Supervisor
Key Work Experience:
● Supervised 3-4 staff members and managed daily operations of fast-paced service environment
● Performed friendly and efficient customer service helping to create a regular client base

Education:
Bachelor of Arts in Creative Writing,
State University of New York at Geneseo
Recipient of Campus Auxiliary Services Student Employee Scholarship for Exemplary Service to
Community

Skills:






Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel)
Proficient in conversational French
Strong interpersonal skills built on respect for different perspectives, passion for the products I
create, and enthusiasm for sharing them with clients
Solutions-driven problem-solver based on years of experience in fast-paced environments
Detail oriented

Matthew Bukowski

Paradyme Management, Inc.

Page 2 of 2

\n
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Over 8 years of diverse experience in the field of SDLC (Software development Life Cycle) and STLC (Software

Testing life cycle) on Stand alone, client/server and web based applications

Conversant with all phases of Project Life Cycle including Requirement gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Implementation of Quality Software.

Exceptional communication skills ,Very Hardworker, Technically strong

Experience with Mercury Tools such as Win Runner, QTP, Load Runner and Quality Center.

Strong skills using, installing, and configuring all components of Load Runner including VUGen, Controller, Analysis, and Load Generators.

Worked on COTS applications like peoplesoft,SAP,Siebel Etc.

Proficient with using web, RTE,click ,Citrix, and script and web services in LoadRunner

Wrote UNIX scripts to generate data

SCRUM methodology was implemented in the work environment.

Very good at ‘C’ programming

Testing of GUI and Web based applications on Windows and UNIX platforms using automated tools.

Experience in Developing, maintaining and Analyzing Requirements, Test Plans, Technical Specifications, Test Strategy, Test Scenarios, Test Cases, System Specifications, Use-Cases, Test Summary Reports, Bug

Reports, Track Report and Traceability Matrix based on business requirements.

Tested web services using SOAPUI

Well versed in defect tracking & reporting using tools such as Test Director, HP Quality Centre, Clear Quest and Lotus Notes Database.

Proficient in Configuration Management tools such as Lotus Notes Source Integrity, Clear Case and MS Visual Source Safe.

Experience working in Windows and UNIX Environment

Experience in monitoring servers using tools like SiteScope

Analyze the CPU Utilization, Memory usage, Garbage Collection and DB connections to verify the performance of the applications.

Develop the Test Recommendations for each test pass and Test Results.

Analyze the network connections between the servers

Load test execution and work with Product Management and Development determining the number of virtual users to be used during the performance test.

Coordinate web application performance testing pre-tasks: Ensure performance test requirements are received. Develop product specific performance test plans.

Supervise script recording, ensuring correctness and quality with an understanding of monitoring requirements based on test objectives, test execution tasks. Coordinate test window and lab utilization.

Secure technical support for monitoring of infrastructure and to qualify observations.

Work with other technical team members (Architects, DBA) to support the test execution to ensure correct environment configuration just prior to execution.

Execute performance / load / stress and other non-functional tests. Monitor application logs to determine system behavior. Address all technical issues, facilitate the resolution and necessary follow up with PM,

IS/IT, Development, and other cross-functional departments.

Performance testing post-test tasks: Gather various reports and statistics from monitoring groups, packaging and reporting results to project teams. Assist in explanation of results and other post-test initiatives.

Generate performance graphs, session reports and other related documentation required for validation and analysis. Publish results and receive appropriate signoff. Prepare detail status reports, and monitoring of all defects and issues.

Monitoring tasks: Responsible for defining, setting up and maintaining appropriate monitoring scripts to monitor Systems using the following tools and approaches.

Flexible & capable of successfully managing multiple projects simultaneously.

Experienced in Unix Shell scripting

Functional understanding of data warehouse design Star and Snowflake Schema, ETL and Business

Intelligence Tools. Strong knowledge of SQL and PL/SQL to test database integrity.

Worked with V-Model, RUP, Agile and Waterfall Methodologies.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Domain knowledge: Education, Banking, Accounting, Communication.

Web Technologies: HTML, XML, XHTML.

Languages: SQL, C, C++, Java, Shell.

RDBMS: MS Access, MS SQL Server, MySQL

Methodologies: RUP, CMMI

Operating  Systems: Windows XP/2000/ Server2003/98/NT/95, UNIX, Linux, Solaris.

Networking: TCP/IP, FTP, UDP, HTTP, FTP, FTPS, SFTP

Automation Tools:  LoadRunner, QTP, Performance Center

Defect Tracking  Tools:  Test Director, Lotus Notes, Clear Quest, Quality Center.

Monitoring Tools:  SiteScope, Wily, Tivoli Performance Monitoring Tool



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

	

	AT&T 	01/14 – 06/16

Sr. Performance Analyst

Applications: SAP Web, Hyperion, Siebel Web, AMDOCS, Citrix



Responsibilities:

Participated in requirement analysis and prepared performance test documents.

Involved in specifying the functional as well as security requirements for performance testing.

Performed Load test, Stress test, Benchmark Profile test, Fail -Over test, Fail - Back test against supported configurations.

Developed complex scripts in Citrix protocol

SAP Web Click and Script

Worked on batch performance testing using SQL queries

Ran several peak tests of 1 hour steady state.

Used around 10 load generators for these tests due to the high vuser load and as recommened by HP.

Set up monitors for each of the load generator used.

Performed Benchmark test against non-clustered and clustered application configurations.

Identified system capacity, system scalability and stability under stable load as well as under pick load time.

Tested web services using SOAPUI

Load Runner was used to simulate multiple Vuser scenarios. Defined Rendezvous point to create intense load on the server and thereby measure the server performance under load.

Verified the connectivity from Controller to the Load Generator. Utilized the IP address of Load Generators to add them to the Controller.

Traced deadlock and expensive SQL queries and test procedures (MS SQL Profile, Oracle Performance

Manager).

Responsible for developing baseline Scenarios and Load Testing Harnesses for load/performance testing of the application.

Responsible for testing both Asynchronous and Synchronous batch jobs in an enterprise wide environment.

Performed testing for No load, Medium Load and Full Load and analyzed the system response.

Responsible for performance monitoring and analysis of response time & memory leaks using throughput graphs.

Cooperated with Basis Team to understand requirements and issues around test execution environment.

Developed and enhanced scripts using LoadRunner VuGen and designed scenarios using Performance

Center to generate realistic load on application under test.

Monitored system resources, memory usage on system level as well as on process level to identify memory leak and CPU Utilization during the users load.

Traced how load balancer manage users load across clustered nodes using (IP Spoofing - Load Runner build-in functionality).

Used bugzilla for defect management

Developed performance test plan as well as developed details performance analysis reports , Graphs (include Load Runner build -in graphs and MS Excel - custom graphs).

Coordinated creation of stress environments to conduct stress\load testing.

Conducted Load Test for multiple users using Load Runner.

Extensively Used Load Runner Monitors to identify bottlenecks.



Environment: LoadRunner, SOAPUI, Siebel,Citrix, PeopleSoft, VuGen, SAP Web, Performance Center, IIS, Bugzilla, AIX, .Net, WebLogic8.1, MQ Series, MS Office, MS-Visio, Java, Windows , LINUX, HP Tivoli, LDAP, Shell, LAN, WAN



	Key Bank	07/10 to 11/13

Application: Peoplesoft HRMS,Siebel,onlineBanking

Sr. Performance Analyst



Interacted with the Business Analyst and application teams to discuss the performance requirements and load test strategy

Developed the performance Test Plans and Load Test Strategies

Developed Vuser scripts using Web (HTTP/HTML) and Web Services.

Created customized LoadRunner VuGen scripts at API level with manual correlation, user defined functions, development libraries (classes and methods), and error handling.

Enhanced Vuser scripts by adding correlations, parameters, condition controls, and checking/validation functions

SCRUM methodology was implemented in the work environment.

Developed Complex Performance Test scripts for mainframe based application

Developed Real world Test Case Performance Simulation for SOA based application

Used SiteScope to monitored the databases, application and web servers (at OS & Application level) for

Performance bottlenecks while conducting Load, Stress, volume, and Memory tests.

Monitored different graphs like transaction response time and analyzed server performance status, hits per second, throughput, windows resources and database server resources etc.

Found performance degradation issues like “Out of Memory” problems and improved Thread pool utilization,

Memory Leaks, JDBC connection Pool size, & Transaction Rollbacks.

Analyzed Load pattern and created test scenarios to emulate the real life stress conditions.

Created Test Metrics, Bug Database and generated weekly reports for senior management.

Conducted meetings with developers, application team, business team to analyze the defects evaluate the test executions

Involved in the decision making with the management for final applications releases



Environment: HP-LoadRunner, Siebel, Peoplesoft, Performance Center, HP-SiteScope, LoadRunner protocols:

Web (http/html)), Microsoft .NET Web (Click and Script), Web Services



	Target	04/08 to 06/10

Sr. Performance Analyst

Applications: Siebel CRM,Target.com,VendorManagement,Documentum,Peoplesoft Web



Responsibilities:

Assisted QA Manager in coordinating/leading the testing efforts.

Gathered business requirement, studied the application and collected the information from Analysts.

Performance Tested Documentum for functionality like Checkin,Checkout,View,Export,Folder Navigation

Created LoadRunner Scenarios and Scheduled the Virtual user to generate realistic load on the server using LoadRunner.

Created and implemented Performance tests using Mercury Interactive LoadRunner.

Involved in developing the Test Plan Strategy, build the test client and test environment.

Enhancing the scripts using Generator and performed Parameterization and Correlation to meet the requirements.

Written Test Plan, Test Scenarios and Test Scripts.

Tested Mainframe applications.

As an Automation Tester carried out testing, to check whether the application is functioning as per the design documentation and functional requirements.

Involved in performing load and stress test on the application and server by configuring LoadRunner to simulate hundreds of virtual users and provided key metrics to the manage ment.

Configured and used SiteScope Performance Monitor to monitor and analyze the performance of the server by generating various reports from CPU utilization, Memory Usage to load average etc.

Conducted all tests in the Controller by creating 100, 200, 400 virtual users for load, stress and steady state test respectively.

Performed Data Driven and Security Testing.

Involved in conducting stress tests and volume tests against the application using LoadRunner.

Helped resident DBAs identify and resolve bottlenecks.

Written & executed UNIX Shell scripts to see the output.

Used Test Director to invoke the scripts and initially performed the baseline testing and organized all the scripts systematically and generated reports.

Extensively used Test Director for test planning, maintain test cases and test scripts for test execution as well as bug reporting.

Involved in defect tracking, reporting and coordination with various groups from initial finding of defects to final resolution.

Environment: Load Runner, Site Scope ,COBOL,MQseries, Siebel Web,Windows NT Server, SQL, Web Logic, IIS, C#, Java, Win Runner, and Test Director.



	Progressive Insurance	01/07 to 03/08

Performance Tester

Applications: SAP Web ESS/MSS, Timesheet Management, Payroll, Online Quote



Responsibilities:

Worked as an independent consultant for performance testing and coordinated with multiple vendors.

Involved in preparation of estimation, capacity matrix, testing plan and details, capacity plan and performance strategy docs and conducted assessments and data modeling using excel.

Recording, scripting, introducing dynamic navigation, parameterization and execution of the scripts were done.

Designed and implemented performance test frameworks for improving test efficiency.

Coordinated with legacy team to schedule batch jobs using BMC Control-M.

Extensive advanced programming of LoadRunner VuGen scripts for dynamic navigation.

Creating the Test Scenarios, executing and generating reports using LoadRunner.

Performance Testing – Load testing, stress testing and soak testing of the application.

Installed, customized and administered Performance Center, LoadRunner and QTP. Troubleshoot issues encountered, evaluate and perform upgrades of the tools in the Mercury suite.

Leveraging my experience in functional testing using QTP and building automation solutions using Quality center.

Configured Application Performance Analyzer for monitoring system resources and activity.

Used SiteScope to monitor server metrics.

Work closely with software developers and take an active role in ensuring that the software components meet the highest quality standards.

Provide support to the development team in identifying real world use cases and appropriate workflows

Performed in-depth analysis to isolate points of failure in the application

Assist in production of testing and capacity certification reports.

Created comprehensive analysis and test results report.

Investigate and troubleshoot performance problems in a lab environment. This will also include analysis of performance problems in a production environment.

Created Test Schedules.

Worked closely with clients

Interface with developers, project managers, and management in the development,

Execution and reporting of test performance results.



Environment: LoadRunner, SiteScope, IBM MQserver, Oracle , MS SQL Server , Weblogic, Load Balancer,

Visual Studios, JAVA ,  PERL, Quality Center, Solaris, OS/390, Open VMS, Windows



EDUCATION:

Bachelors in English (Jimma University).\n
				TANVI	SHARMA	
202-375-7861	

tanvi@umd.edu		

#209,	8125,	college	park,MD-20740		

LinkedIn	profile:	https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanvi-sharma-6315a97b/	

Academics:		

Master’s	in	Telecommunication	(expected	may	2018)	University	of	Maryland,	College	Park		
	
	
	
	
CGPA:3.4	
Coursework:	Network	protocols,	Internet	of	Things.	 	
	
Bachelor’s	in	Electronics	and	communication	(march	2014)	 Jaypee	University	of	Information	Technology		
	
																																				CGPA:3.6	
Coursework:	Electronics	device	and	circuit,	Digital	Logic	design,	analog	and	Digital	Circuit	design,	control	systems,	neural	network.	

Technical	Skills:	
Software:	MapInfo,	Win	FIOL,	TEMS	discovery,	NEMO	analyzer,	Ericsson	RAN	Analyzer,	Ericsson	Cell	and	Frequency	Optimization,	
Gladiator,	mentum	cell	planner,	Mat	lab,	Arduino,	spectrum	analyzer,	Google	cloud	platform.	
Networking:	TCP/IP,	BGP,	OSPF,	MPLS,	RSVP,	GSM,	WCDMA,	HSDPA+,	LTE,	VOLTE,	Wi-Fi.	
Languages:	C,	C++,	Java,	Python,	HTML5,	CSS,	JavaScript,	VLSI,	Matlab,	Linux,	Django,	MySQL.	
Certificate:	Ericsson	certification	of	Radio	network	optimization.	

Work	Experience:		

Network	engineer	(Ericsson,	Radio	Network	Design	and	Optimization)	 	
	
	
	
					(July	2014	-	June	2016) 	
• Involved	in	planning	designing	and	optimization	of	the	radio	network.	
• Automation	of	a	time	consuming	task	to	increase	the	cost	effectiveness	of	the	project	and	received	appreciation	for	this	work	by	
the	top	leaders	of	the	company.	 	
• Understanding	limitations	posed	by	the	customers	and	identifying	technological	limitations,	thereafter	coming	to	a	tactical	
decision	of	establishing	an	efficient	network.	 	
• Have	undergone	training	at	Ericsson	training	center	on:	LTE	radio	functionality,	LTE	performance	management,	WCDMA	
performance	management,	Small	Cell	Workshop	and	Software	Design	and	Network. 	
Lead	the	4G	planning	and	optimization	in	Himachal	Pradesh	 	
	
	
	
													(November	2015-	june2016)	
Investigate	and	troubleshoot	radio	network	performance	issues	by	capturing	EnodeB	traces,	MME	traces	and	drive	test	logs.	
Daily	monitoring	and	troubleshooting	for	issues	like	low	uplink	and	downlink	throughput	issues,	PS	drop	rate	issue,	low	handover	
success	rate	for	intra-LTE	(X2/S1)	handover,	handover	to	UTRAN	and	TDD	system,	RRC	success	rate	and	other	counter	related	issues.	
LTE	(4G)	planning	and	optimization	in	Delhi	and	Hyderabad.	 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				(2015)	
SCFT,	cluster	tuning	and	Clutter	classification	as	per	planning	tool	model.	
Study	new	features	and	identify	new	business	opportunities.	
Spectrum	reframing	of	2G	Vodafone,	Idea	3G	planning	(Delhi)	and	Airtel	3G	Punjab	optimization.		 									
																	(December	2015)	
To	 ensure	 the	 availability	 and	 efficiency	 of	 radio	 network	 elements	 by	 maintaining	 KPIs	 like	 Accessibility,	 Retain	 ability,	 Integrity,	
Availability	and	Mobility	during	spectrum	transfers.	
Small	Cell	and	DAS	projects	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
					(January	2016)	
Responsible	for	designing,	deploying,	integrating	and	optimizing	DAS	and	Small	Cell	Technologies	(Ericsson	DOT	system)	across	a	
variety	of	clients.	We	used	ERA	(Ericsson	radio	analysis)	and	iBwave	software	tool	to	optimize	the	system.	
Have	undergone	training	at	Ericsson	training	center	on:	LTE	radio	functionality,	LTE	performance	management,	WCDMA	performance	
management,	Small	Cell	Workshop	
Wireless	innovation	Team-Spirent	 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	(September2016-December	2016)	
Currently	working	on	the	development	and	automation	of	testing	scenarios	for	a	Spirent	product	Elevate	(for	IMS	and	Volte)	using	
python.	The	club	focuses	on	test	methodology	in	areas	such	as:	Voice	over	LTE	(VoLTE),	voice	and	video	over	Wi-Fi.	The	automation	of	
various	test	cases	was	embedded	in	the	Django	framework.	

Projects:	 	
Energy	efficient	routing	protocol-	research	paper	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
																(2014)	
Published	in	the	IEEE	journal:	A	Framework	for	Energy	Efficient	Routing	Protocol	for	Homogeneous	Wireless	Sensor	Network	using	
Matlab.	
IoT	project	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	(December2016)	
Working	on	Remote	Controlled	Door	Lock	using	a	Fingerprint	Sensor	using	Arduino	platform.
Socket	Programming	using	Java	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
(November	2016)	
Reliability	of	the	communication	using	integrity	check,	timeout	and	retransmission	between client and a server using Java’s UDP
sockets.
Internship	(Maruti	Suzuki	factory)	 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
															(May	-		July2013)	
ANDON	DISPLAY,	a	hardware	project	to	display	data	on	a	seven	segment	from	PIC13F	communicated	through	hyper	terminal.	It	was	
used	to	display	instruction	on	the	supply	chain	of	Maruti	car	manufacturing	factory.	We	developed	a	circuit	diagram	and	implemented	
using	C++.	
Embedded	systems	project		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
								(Feb-2017)	
LWDF	for	the	CD	to	DAT	Sample	Rate	Conversion	application	simulation	using	C:	The	project	required	an	in	depth	knowledge	of	Linux.	

		

\n
SUBASH THAPA



Experience Summary

	Having around 10 Years of experience and accomplished, dedicated system administrator and application manager with proven success installing, configuring, customizing, optimizing, and managing HP ALM / QC, HP PPM Atlassian Jira, Rational and application bridging suites within industry-leading financial and other organizations. Adept in streamlining workflows and automating processes; develop and implement best-practice system administration policies, processes, and standards. Superior end user service delivery and support acumen; talented trainer, coach, mentor, and supervisor, with demonstrated success managing local, near-shore, and off-shore application support resources. 

	Worked on all former version of HP PPM including HP PPM 7.x, HP PPM 8.x and HP PPM 9.x Experience and exposure to Analysis, Design and Development using Demand Management, Time Management, Resource Management, Project Management, Portfolio Management, Deployment Management, and Program Management modules. Strong capabilities and experience as a Trainer for HP PPM.



Highlights of Expertise



													• Configuration & Integration 
• Workflow Optimization 
• Project Planning & Management  
• Process & Report Automation 
• System Upgrade & Patching 
• Troubleshooting / Resolution  
• Process Reengineering 
• Stakeholder Relations 
• End-user Support & Training 





Professional Experience

Department of HISD								July 2016 - Till Date         

HP AGM\PPM\ ALM Tools Consultant



Responsible for HP Suite Admin with Installing, Configuring, and Customizing the Quality Center application with a strong software testing and development experience

User account and Quality Center Project Entity Administration Quality Center End user assistance.

Integrate HP ALM with SAP Solution Manager and help user to sync the data from both ends.

Resolve user issues on integration as per priority and interact with team to customize the projects as per need.

Install SAP Add-in to establish bridge between ALM and Sol Manager.

Customize the workflow as per business need.

Working with Quality Center users to implement new processes and customize the workflow as per business need. Setup and configuration of Quality Center\ALM projects 

Administrative functions of Quality Center, Training on all modules of Quality center versions 10, ALM 11, 11.5 and 11.52,12.x

Setup and configuration of the overall Quality Center technical and operating environment in a Windows Server and Oracle

Accountable for resolution of issues within Quality Center.

Migrated In-House to SaaS for 67 projects.

Migrate the projects from legacy versions of HP 11.5 and 11.52,12.x with different DB’s.

Migrated HP PC 11 to HP PC 12.20 with SQL Server DB.

User HP ALM Robot, Rich Copy and Replace Utility for Migration works.

Provide Training to users online and class room.

Train and support individual contributors, resource managers and project managers on HP PPM best practices and Assurant Solutions processes.

 Develop new processes to help Assurant reach a level 5 on the HP PPM maturity matrix 

Attend weekly PPM process improvement meetings.

Manage and support the HP PPM data cube in Excel via pivot tables to enable managers and finance teams to easily run project reports 

Develop new HP PPM training materials (Job Aids, FAQs) via PowerPoint, SnagIt, Word, and Articulate Storyline 

Assist Portfolio Managers with the roll out of PPM to new non-IT functional areas. Designed and Deployed new PPM training SharePoint and Quickr Sites for easy access to PPM Job aids and training materials.

 Develop and Design SharePoint site standard for use across Project teams 

Utilize SharePoint sites for updating data regarding performance levels for project groups.

 Create change enablement plans for distribution to IT and business teams regarding changes to PPM 

Simplify complex reports for distribution to C-level management via Macros, functions and Pivot Tables.

Involved in HP Project Portfolio Management Solution HP PPM and ALM integration.

Integrate the HP AGM to PPM to sync the deliverables and Tasks.

Administrate and Support HPAGM.PPM and ALM.

Administrate the PPM tool in customizing the workflow, fields and  User Management.

Generate reports from PPM on various level and Groups.

Maintain the PPM servers in installing the patches, hot fixes and add-ins.

Requirements gather to customize the tool as per business need and train users on PPM new feature and product.

Deployed the PPM application on cluster nodes and maintain the project that are created.

License management and configuration auto email, alerts, creating new groups and build custom reports on PPM application.

 Audit PPM for accuracy of data and report audit findings to Project and PMO Manager 

Create and use pivot tables to simplify complex data coming from our PATC (Project, Asset, Time-Tracking and Chargeback) tool 

Record and Create Macros in Excel to duplicate actions for large amounts of project data

Managed a successful rollout of Resource management via HP PPM to the entire multi-site IT organization.

Manage non-project tool related projects (IE 11 deployment, Disaster Recovery Planning).

Provide hands-on assistance, consultation, and technical guidance to teams as required.

Developed training material, work instructions documents to all users.

HP Tools Admin							September 2014 to June 2016

Created a help desk process in Remedy for any issues in ALM PC. 

Installed and Configured HP AGM,PPM,Sync Add-in.

Sync the requirements from HP ALM 12.X to HP Agile Manager releases, user stories.

Establish Links for multiple projects from HP ALM to AGM

Responsible to install/add controllers and load generators as required by project. 

Conduct iterative performance effort during Load balance verification and siteminder setup of portal.

Created QC Templates for loading Requirements and test cases to upload into Quality Center directly.

Configured HP ALM Sprinter functionality for test execution.  

Responsible to monitor all application logs for errors with Quality Center.

Involved in HP Project Portfolio Management Solution HP PPM and ALM integration.

Administrate the PPM tool in customizing the workflow, fields and User Management.

Generate reports from PPM on various level and Groups.

Maintain the PPM servers in installing the patches, hot fixes and add-ins.

Requirements gather to customize the tool as per business need and train users on PPM new feature and product.

Deployed the PPM application on cluster nodes and maintain the project that are created.

License management and configuration auto email, alerts, creating new groups and build custom reports on PPM application.

Custom developed the 3rd party add-ins to manage the PPM application.

Developing and supporting standard metrics reports in ALM dashboard and other internal and external reports as needed.

Working with key stakeholders to continually improve the processes supported by ALM.

Developed and implemented workflow solutions for HP ALM / QC using VBScript and Open Text Architecture (OTA); created customized, user-defined fields and workflows; and coded dynamically-generated drop-down lists in all modules.

Customize the tool and developed new templates in HP ALM\QC

 Perform Migration for more than 420 + projects from older version of QC to new version of ALM.

Perform Integration between SBM and ALM to sync the requirements.

Establish and schedule the synchronization to flow the data.

Managed, Customized, Support the Caliber, Jira and CQ.

Installed and Configured the HPALM in multi node with Load Balancing technology.

 Designed and launched reporting dashboards using VBA and SQL; developed complex Excel macros using OTA API for HP ALM / QC database connectivity. 

Developed end-user support solutions and documented lessons learned for technical knowledgebase. 

	Created workflows and standardizations for QC and developed processes for changes management

	Design and built the infrastructure with current tool set and consolidate all tools to HP ALM and migrate the data center from Atlanta to Huston region.

	Quality Center uses LDAP authentication as a login process for QC.

	Strong experience in setting up LDAP Servers.

		Installed QTP/UFT on user machines and managed license server

		Responsible for all server maintenances, upgrades, patching and backups

	Customizing Test Director as per industrial standards.

	Responsible for Designed trainings and creating training materials on new features and functionalities

	Customizing Test Director/QC Defect tracking module using VB Scripting.

	Performance Center, QTP Administration and Support.



Citi Bank 								July 2011 to September 2014

Systems Administration & Support

-

Served as application manager HP ALM / QC and system administrator for HP ALM / QC, Orasi HP Jira Bridge for HP QC, Dynatrace, and Atlassian Jira system; led near-shore / off-shore team, providing comprehensive training, mentoring, and performance management. Key Contributions: 

 Launched a new HP QC department, defining all processes and practices; established SharePoint-based issue tracking system to enable user-submitted Quality Center enhancement requests. 

Administered HP ALM / QC instance for 2K users and Atlassian Jira for Financial Crimes department. 

Continuously optimized, streamlined, and debugged HP ALM / QC; developed and launched automated reporting solution. 

Customize the tool and developed new templates in HP ALM\QC

 Perform Migration for more than 420 + projects from older version of QC to new version of ALM

Installed and Configured the HPALM in multi node with Load Balancing technology.

Pioneered proof-of-concept for synchronizing HP QC\ALM Worksoft Certified and Jira via Orasi Jira Bridge for HP Quality Center; assumed additional responsibility for Jira administration, developing schemes, workflows, and fields. 

Supported users on joining the project, creating development streams, rebasing the work and delivering the Activity.

Performed HP Project Portfolio Management Solution HP PPM and ALM integration.

Administrate the PPM tool in customizing the workflow, fields and User Management.

Generate reports from PPM on various level and Groups.

Maintain the PPM servers in installing the patches, hot fixes and add-ins.

Requirements gather to customize the tool as per business need and train users on PPM new feature and product.

Deployed the PPM application on cluster nodes and maintain the project that are created.

License management and configuration auto email, alerts ,creating new groups and build custom reports on PPM application.

Custom developed the 3rd party add-ins to manage the PPM application.

Developing and supporting standard metrics reports in ALM dashboard and other internal and external reports as needed.

Helped developers create configuration specifications for the views they use whenever a new baseline work is initiated and for the views used for bug fixes on the bug fix branch.

Earned Certificate of Excellence for optimizing HP QC and Gold Award for synchronizing HP QC and Jira.

Charter Communications 						August 2009 to July 2011

HP Tools Administrator

-

Architected, optimized, and administered HP Quality Center workflows, driving major improvements in performance and end user experience (UX). Developed and implemented automated reporting solutions. Key Contributions: 

 Slashed total lines of code in HP Quality Center workflows by 75%, propelling application response times and eliminating redundancies. 

Cut reporting production time by 4 hours for automated MS Excel reports by leveraging VBA and OTA API. 

Involved in HP Project Portfolio Management Solution HP PPM and ALM integration.

Administrate the PPM tool in customizing the workflow, fields and User Management.

Generate reports from PPM on various level and Groups.

Maintain the PPM servers in installing the patches, hot fixes and add-ins.

Requirements gather to customize the tool as per business need and train users on PPM new feature and product.

Deployed the PPM application on cluster nodes and maintain the project that are created.

License management and configuration auto email, alerts, creating new groups and build custom reports on PPM application.

Migrated 150 + projects from HP QC 10 to ALM.

Support user issues.



NetApp 								Jan 2006 to July 2009

QA Consultant 

-

Served in series of consulting engagements within installed, configured, and administered Mercury Quality Center, QuickTest Professional. Instrumental in development of automated application testing solutions, including creation and optimization of automated testing scripts. Led training sessions for Mercury Quality Center and QuickTest Professional. Key Contributions: 

Designed and developed an automated testing framework, test bed architecture, testing plans, and test cases to test 3M's .Net applications. 

Created automated test plan proposal for front-end claim system user interface (UI); customized the Quality Center Defect module configuration. 

Defined and implemented test automation best practices within Chubb; collaborated on manual testing for .NET conversion project.

				

Education and Certifications/Awards

Bachelors in Computers

HP ALM Certified 

Best Achievement for HP Tools Implementation Award

Earned Certificate of Excellence 

Gold Award for Citi Group



Subash Thapa	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 6 of 6



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Subash Thapa	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 5 of 6\n
Reshma Haveli

QA Analyst

e-mail: reshma.haveli@gmail.com

Phone: +1-952-303-2354

Virginia Beach, VA 23464                                                                         

                        			

Experience Summary 

	3+ years of experience in information technology as a software professional and quality analyst

	Experience in black box testing techniques

	Experience in regression testing, end-to-end testing involving functional, sanity, smoke, ad-hoc and exploratory testing

	Experience in cross browser testing

	Created test plans and test cases according to the requirement specifications

Creating detailed test cases and document defects 

	Experience in execution of test cases and defect reporting and tracking using Jira

	Enhancements analysis and validation

Experience in testing web applications 

Experience with Pega, Facets, Right Fax and Ricoh 

Worked closely with developers, business analysts, clients and other stakeholders on projects to ensure that a quality product is released

Good understanding of Scrum agile methodology

	Understanding of complete SDLC and bug life cycle

	Developed and executed SQL queries to test the backend data.

	Good understanding of relational databases (RDBMS) like SQL server 2012, Oracle DB

Attend team meetings, daily stand up, retrospectives and daily reporting on tasks

	Knowledge of tools like Quick Test Professional 9.0, WinRunner, Test Director, Selenium IDE and JIRA



Certifications & Training

	ISTQB (International Software Testing Qualifications Board)

	CSI (Computer Society of India)

	QTP certified professional 

	LinkedIn profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/reshma-haveli-2703b724

	

Education

Graduated as a Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics & Telecommunications) in 2006 from Pune University with First class. 




Professional Experience

Project name:   Projects (Market implementations / Migration)  Company name: Infomatics Corp   Client: Anthem Inc. 

6/1/2016 to till date

Current Role: QA Analyst 

Project Description

The purpose of the project is to implement new markets in the applications as per the business needs. The PAR (Prior Authorization Review) tool is designed to process the insurance requests sent by the providers/members/lawyers etc. via phone, fax and web and deliver the cases to Facets and ESI for claims processing.

Responsibilities

Have taken a lead role in implementations and migration of several markets 

Leading a team of 2-4 QA analysts and allocating and tracking the tasks within the QA team

Referring to the requirements documents to write effective test cases

Requesting test data from the test data team before the sprint starts in order to be test ready before the stories are in QA

Designing and executing the test cases as per each Jira story

Getting the test cases reviewed by the business analysts

Logging defects in Jira keeping a track of it and work with developers to understand the root cause and bringing the defects to closure by retesting them.

Conducting end to end testing for each market implementation.

Performing full regression testing to check that one market implementation is not affecting the already existing functionalities for other markets

Sending the results to the business stakeholders and getting their approvals

Querying database to get the required data for testing and testing several backend related stories.

Validating data in facets

Testing letters/faxes triggered for each case and testing the delivery of these collaterals in other applications like Ricoh and Right Fax

Testing the workflow of the application and comparing the workflow of one market with the other market and using that knowledge for effective testing

Ramping the new joiners to speed to meet the deadlines.



Project name:   Technical Debt       Company name: Infomatics Corp       Client: Anthem Inc. 

This project was an initiative to address the production defects and fixing those defects according to the business priority and needs.

Responsibilities

Following the Jira stories and working with business analysts to understand the stories.

	Working with developers to explain them the defect and understand the root cause of the same 

Retesting the defect fixes and bringing them to closure and getting the UAT approval from business users.



Project name: rRapidsuite Assessment         Company name: Liqwid Krystal Pvt Ltd       Client: HCL Technologies, Infosys

This product offers various types of (30+) online technical and aptitude tests to corporate end users (entry level employees and freshers). The test reports are then sent to their respective companies for evaluation.

Responsibilities

	Perform end-to-end testing involving sanity, functional, system and regression testing

	Create and execute test plan and test cases, defect reporting and tracking using Bugzilla

	Perform cross browser testing

	Provide enhancements and get them validated with the QA manager

	Perform security and role based testing through admin module

	Provide end-user support on product issues

	Perform daily tests on online courses and it’s assessment results

	Facilitate and administer end-user assessments via WebEx sessions 

	Environment: JavaScript, JSP, servlets, Windows, MySQL, JBoss





Project name: Codesaw        Company name: Liqwid Krystal Pvt Ltd          Client: People from corporates and academia

Codesaw is a product for learning programming languages. It offers a “virtual computer lab” kind of environment for end users where they can write, compile and run software programs in 19 different programming languages.

Responsibilities

	Perform full product testing involving sanity, functional, system and regression testing

	Writing and executing test cases, defect reporting and tracking

	Perform cross browser testing

	Provide enhancements in the application and get them validated.

Environment: JavaScript, JSP, Servlets, Windows, MySQL, JBoss





Project name: rRapidSuite        Company name: Liqwid Krystal Pvt Ltd          Client: Infosys, HCL Technologies, Hexaware

rRapidSuite is an online learning platform for corporates providing technical courses to new joiners. 

Responsibilities:

	Perform sanity and functional testing

	Daily reports management

	Perform tests on online courses

	Facilitate end-user assessments via WebEx sessions

	Environment: Java, JSP, Servlets, Windows, MySQL.





Project name: gyanX   Company name: Liqwid Krystal Pvt Ltd     Client: VTU (Visvesvaraya Technological University)

gyanX is an online learning platform which caters to the training needs of students. They can avail various technical and soft skills courses that enable them to face technical as well as HR interviews. 

Responsibilities:

	Perform end-to-end functional testing

	Write and execute SQL queries to generate reports on daily platform usage

	Test virtual lab by executing code snippets

	Environment: Java, JSP, Servlets, Windows, MySQL\n
Jody W. Benson



Contact: (919) 602-2508

144 Fitzgerald Road, Selma, NC 27576

Email: bensonjody71@hotmail.com



CAREER OBJECTIVE

A highly competent team player offering Twenty - two years of progressive experience in manufacturing environments; including five years supervisory experience. I am experienced in many different aspects of materials and logistics within manufacturing operations. Extensive knowledge of all aspects of Inventory control systems. I possess strong mechanical aptitude and problem solving skills.

QUALIFICATION SUMMARY

Proficient in MS Word, Excel, and Outlook.

SAP, JD Edwards, Oracle, AS400 and WMS

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY



		Cytonet LLC. (Lab Support)              Durham, NC                       June 2015 – Present

Inventory Control Specialist



Supports Quality Unit and Production to ensure that raw materials and critical components are ordered and received to specification, conform to government standards and satisfy GMP regulations 

Request quotes from vendors/manufacturers

Source new materials

Complete purchase orders/order receipt forms

Track/receive/quarantine/move to released stock incoming materials. 

Manage inventory supply/expirations

Write/update SOP’s related to materials

Prepare process and clinical kits and select/verify/document process or clinical material kit list.

Reconcile rejected/damaged materials.

Manage material inventory documentation

Responsible for maintaining inventory using SAP

Responsible for setting up and handling shipments of material needed at clinical sites

		

		Kuehne & Nagel                                    Durham, NC                       December 2012 – July 2014	

Inventory Control Analysis



Perform inventory transactions in SAP

Responsible for 150 million dollars of inventory 

Inventory accuracy was 99.4% 

Maintain accurate and correct inventory in SAP

Create various inventory reports for End of Month process 

Responsible for performing inventory checks and cycle counting program

Performed data entry in SAP and Excel 

Provide Customer service in the Transportation Department

Schedule shipments and create shipping documents such as BOL, Labels for MRF’s 





Belcan Staffing/Bayer Crop Science 	      Raleigh, NC                        March 2010 – October 2011

Warehouse Operation Specialist



Perform inventory transactions in SAP 

Create Purchase Orders for all Warehouses 

Maintain and Update all Warehouse Contracts

Verify invoice charges are in compliance with Warehouse contract 

Create various inventory reports for End of Month process 

Process Returns and Damage material reports in SAP

Performed data entry in SAP and Excel 



Tekelec 			            Morrisville, NC 	         December 2008 – September 2009

Inventory Control Supervisor



Responsible for 28 million dollars of inventory 

Inventory accuracy was 99.4% 

Maintain accurate and correct inventory in Oracle 

Responsible for performing inventory checks and cycle counting program 

Interact with other departments to maintain production and inventory accuracy 

Responsible for creating new processes and procedures 

Attend Senior staff meeting and other meetings as required 

Coordinate the day to day operations in the department 

Responsible for 10 direct reports 

Assist in the training of new employees in my department 





Sigma Electric Mfg. Corp	             Garner, NC                  September 2005 - July 2008 

Inventory Control Supervisor 



Responsible for 14 million dollars of inventory 

Maintain accurate and correct inventory in the JD Edwards system 

Interact with other departments to maintain production and inventory accuracy 

Responsible for performing inventory checks and cycle counting program

Helped to implement the new WMS system and train end user 

Attend Senior staff meeting and other meetings as required 

Coordinate the day to day operations in the department 

Responsible for creating new processes and procedures 

Assist in the training of new employees in my department 

Performed data entry in JD Edwards and Excel 



Lawmen’s Safety Supply	       Raleigh, NC 	          June 2004 – May 2005 

Warehouse Engineer 



Responsible for handling repairs and returns for customers 

Interact with customers and vendors to establish a good customer service

Process and verify receiving paperwork for accuracy. 

Performs inventory checks and do necessary adjustments in the computer system. 

Assist in training new employees in warehouse area. 

Backup for Individual Sales Department and Firearms Showroom 

Responsible for logging Firearms in the AFT Firearms log book upon receipt

Extensive knowledge of ATF Laws and processes

Performed data entry in Excel





Embrex Inc.			     Raleigh, NC 			December 2001- April 2004 

Inventory Control Supervisor 



Responsible for 25 million dollars of inventory 

Managed inventory for 75 mobile field technicians and Vehicle inventory

Establish and maintain MIN/MAX inventory levels 

Analyze monthly parts usage to recognize trends and maximize inventory efficiency.

Maintain accurate and correct inventory in the JD Edwards system 

Developed, documenting and improving SOPs for Inventory Management

Establish relationships/ negotiate with component suppliers

Kept accurate inventory records using manual and automated systems 

Checked packing slips and paperwork for accuracy when received to inventory 

Performed inventory checks and cycle counts 

Responsible for coordinating the day to day operation in the department 

Completed several supervisory classes to become a certified supervisor

Performed data entry in JD Edwards and Excel





	EDUCATION 

		

		Wake Technical Community College          Raleigh, NC 

		(Some Course Work Completed – Automation / Robotics)

		

		PROFESSIONAL AND PERSONAL REFERENCES AVAILABLE\n
www.linkedin.com/in/austinweaver2017

443-545-4140

Aweave15@aol.com

Austin Weaver

Education



University of Maryland - College Park, MD    Current GPA: 3.1  Graduation: May 2017 

Major: Computer Science, Specialization in  Data Sciences   

Minor: Statistics

Skills 



Web Development:    • HTML  • CSS  • JavaScript   • AJAX   • JQuery  • Python Flask 

Software Development:    • Java   • C   • C++   • Ruby   • Ocaml

UI Development:    • Java Swing   • Python Tkinter  

Statistical Programming:    • R   • SAS   •MATLAB   • Python (ie. Matplotlib, numpy)

Developer Tools:    • Git   • Subversion   • IntelliJ   • Eclipse   • VirtualBox   • Atlessian tools 

Operating Systems:    • Linux (CentOs, Ubuntu, Redhat)  • Windows (Exp, 7, 8) 

Databases:    •  SQL   • MySQL   • PostgreSQL   • SQLAlchemy

Experience



Leidos – Arlington, va                                                                                                                     2016 

Technical intern

Large scale development on linux based systems, primarily in C++

Developed and implemented Python GUIs, using Tkinter

Expanded a Java simulation environment to implement a new sensor system

Collaborated on a large scale project using Subversion, Agile development and Atlassian tools ie. Bamboo, Crucible, Confluence, Jira 

 Had the opportunity to travel and perform development testing.

Booz Allen hamilton – chantilly, va                                                                                           2015 

Software engineer intern

Developed web applications with Python, PostgreSQL, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS

Worked in a team using Agile software development and implemented Scrum

Experience working remotely with Git and Jira Stories

Dequeue ltd. – Elkridge, MD                                                                                                 2013-2015 

Consulting Software Engineer

Developed and maintained autonomous Java code, that used game states to automate processes

Implemented JavaSwing GUIs and on screen 2D Graphics

Included a MySQL database to store user run statistics and load them in dynamic ranking images

Responsible for code with over 1,100 unique runs per day



Page 2\n
Robert L. Taylor



Work Experience:

Networking Institute of Technology, Inc. (NIT), Washington, D.C.	       		March 2010 – July 2013

IT Security Analyst and Manager of Technical Operations

Key Work Experience:

Project manager for an IT security consulting team providing staff augmentation for the CISO at the Federal Housing Finance Agency.  Responsibilities include:

Working directly with the agency CISO as staff augmentation for the IT security department.

Developing, authoring and performing annual reviews and updates of agency IT security policies and procedures.

Performing Security Assessments and Authorizations (SA&A’s) for the agency’s General Support System, ten major information systems and over twenty minor information systems on an annual basis.

Participating in Authorization sessions and briefing the CIO of the agency and information system owners as to potential risks to the information systems as well as strategies to mitigate risks.

Developing plans of action and milestones processes (POA&MS) and managing agency POA&Ms for the General Support System and ten major information systems.

Developing an IT security continuous monitoring program.

Producing monthly continuous monitoring reports and POA&M reports for IT management.

Performing site visits to assess contractor system security for the agency.

Acting as audit support for the CISO during OIG and GAO annual audits.

Assessing security requirements for the agency’s move to a new facility.

Performed annual SA&A’s on the Xerox Unemployment Insurance-Interstate Connection Network (UI-ICON) system, which provides services to the Maryland Department of Labor, in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013.  I worked directly with Xerox application Security Coordinator. Contracted for the Office of the Inspector General at the SEC.  Responsibilities included:

Performing the annual OIG FISMA compliance review of the Commission in 2011 and 2012 and I was a participating author of the annual reports.  The 2012 report can be found here: http://www.sec-oig.gov/Reports/AuditsInspections/2013/512.pdf.

Auditing the Commission’s SA&A process and was a participating author of the report.  The 2012 report can be found here: http://www.sec-oig.gov/Reports/AuditsInspections/2013/515.pdf.

Performed annual audits for Madison Bank of Maryland using the FFIEC standard in 2011 and 2012.

Use Tenable Nessus scanner to perform vulnerability scans of client systems and develop vulnerability reports for Security Authorizations.

Performed 2012 security analysis of the North Penn School District (Pennsylvania) systems including vulnerability and compliance scanning of 6000+ servers and workstations and external penetrations testing using the Cenzic Hailstorm tool for scanning of their web applications.



Economic Systems Inc., Falls Church, VA				              November 2007 - March 2010 

	Security and Data Center Manager

Key Work Experience:

Responsible for developing and maintaining the Economic Systems Security Authorization package, including documenting NIST and FISMA compliance for federal agency clients

Responsible for security auditing of event logs in both Windows and Oracle

Responsible for technical documentation and configuration of server systems

Responsible for designing, implementing and documenting a new off-site disaster recovery plan

Responsible for asset control and management of company computer equipment and resources





Wells Fargo Multi-Family-Capital, McLean, VA                                                               June 2006 - September 2007

	Network Engineer 3	

	Key Work Experience:

		Member of Reilly Mortgage/Wells Fargo transition team

		Responsible for onsite network and server changes during network integration

		Responsible for migrating file structures from old to new systems, including rewriting all scripts and redesigning permissions for the business unit

		Responsible for collecting and organizing information about Reilly systems and data structures for Wells Fargo transition team’s design and architecture





Reilly Mortgage Group	                                                                                            September 2004 - June 2006	         

 Senior Systems Administrator

	Key Work Experience:

			Designed, planned and implemented corporate conversion from NT 4.0 domain to Windows 2003 Active Directory domain

	Designed, planned and implemented corporate conversion from Lotus Notes to Exchange 2003 email system (simultaneous to active directory conversion)

	Designed, built and installed new branch office servers to provide infrastructure for Exchange in eight branch office locations across the country

	Implemented new Disaster Recovery system, including backups and office file replication system to ensure less than 24 hour data loss in the event of data failure

	Active Directory Systems administrator

	Exchange administrator

	Network print server administrator

	EMC² network storage administrator

	OpenReach firewall WAN administration 



Education:

		Bachelor of Arts, History, University of Oklahoma, Norman, OK 1994

Professional Certifications:

ISC)² – CISSP (Certified Information System Security Professional)

CompTIA – Security+, A+



Hui Zhao	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Robert L. Taylor	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 3 of 3\n
RITESH VIJAY SARODE
th

8125 48 Avenue #104, College Park, Maryland- 20740
Email: rsarode@umd.edu Cell: (240) 330 5349 LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/riteshsarode

EDUCATION:
University of Maryland, College Park, Maryland
Master of Science in Telecommunications Engineering
University of Mumbai, Vidyalankar Institute of Technology, Mumbai
Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunication
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Programming
Certifications
Networking
Platforms & OS

Expected May 2017
Graduated - May 2013

: C, C++, Core Java, Python, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
: CCNA
: Routing & Switching, TCP/IP, UDP, OSI, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP, Virtualization
: Ubuntu, UNIX, Microsoft Windows OS, VMware Workstation

EMPLOYMENT:
Network Engineer – Trainee, Gateway Maintenance Services, Mumbai
Jun. 2014 - Mar. 2015
 Reconstructed and configured networks to meet optimal performance needs to reduce number of network
issues by about 10%
 Performed network hardware and software troubleshooting, network error detection and network tuning.
 Maintaining network documentation and databases as well as offered Technical support
TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE:
Website Design for a Restaurant
April 2016
 Used Bootstrap framework in HTML5 and CSS3 to design responsive website which will successfully work
on devices of all sizes using ‘sm’, ‘md’, ‘lg’ and ‘row’ classes
 Implemented mobile menu using ‘collapse’ class, navigation bar using ‘nav’ & ‘navbar’ classes and footer
using ‘panel-footer’ class
Simulation of Downlink behavior of 3 sectored base station in PYTHON
April 2016
 Simulated the downlink for a base station which consisted of successful calculation of the diffraction, shadowing
and fading losses and managing handoffs between sectors
 Used ‘Numpy’ and ‘list of dictionaries’ for fast computation and managing user database respectively
Network based Online Shopping Application, Socket Programming in ‘C’
Nov. 2015 - Dec. 2015
 Developed three secure client-server architectures communicating using TCP protocol with multi-threaded
authentication server in UBUNTU-Linux environment ensuring both IPv4 and IPv6 support
 Implemented Hashmaps to store inventory database and used debugging tools like Valgrind and
successfully tested the code using ‘cmocka’ - unit testing framework for C to achieve automated testing
Java Application to Securely Transmit Data over UDP
Oct. 2015 – Nov. 2015
 Programmed a secure client-server application in JAVA using JAVA’s socket API’s and successfully
implemented transmitted data using DatagramPacket and DatagramSocket classes
 Successfully implemented RC4 cryptographic encryption algorithm for secure transfer of data over UDP
CERTIFICATION & TRAININGS:
Dale Carnegie Training -‘Step Up to Professional Excellence’ & ‘Generation-Next Program’

Aug 2012

CAMPUS INVOLVEMENT:
Graduate Student Government: Attended and actively participated in Graduate Student Government
meetings as a proxy for a representative of ECE Department

\n
VIKTORIIA KOTELNYTSKA 



Rolling Meadows, IL 60008

Mobile:	(224) 817-2336	

Email:	kotelnitskaya112@gmail.com 



QA TESTER

SUMMARY:



Experienced in testing web-enabled, mobile, client-server, database applications and different types of hardware devices

Background in economics, marketing, insurance, risk analysis and management

Excellent knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle

Experienced in software testing methodologies

Expertise in test documentation: test plans, test suites, test cases, test matrices writing

Basic knowledge of automation testing tools of Selenium WebDriver

Working knowledge of Agile Scrum process and Waterfall testing methodology

Proficient in Functional, Regression, Smoke, Sanity, Compatibility, Exploratory, Cross-browser/platform, Acceptance, Boundary, Stress, Load, Performance, GUI, Usability testing

Experienced in writing Test Plans, defining Test Cases, developing and maintaining test scripts, analyzing the results of scripts, interaction with developers in fixing the errors. 

Strong team player with ability to work productively in a team as well as individually

Excellent analytical, problem solving, decision-making and presentation skills with ability to manage activities in a fast paced team environment

Ability to handle a great variety of tasks simultaneously, and solve complex problems with excellent judgment and decision making skills 

Excellent time management skills, strong work ethic and the ability to take on multiple roles

 Expert at understanding any level of Math, possession of excellent Scientific skills in research and statistics

Very focused and able to educate myself and others in short period of time thriving to the needed goal

Enjoy learning new technologies and challenging concepts and implement them

Language: English, Russian, Ukrainian

US Green Card holder



TECHNICAL SKILLS:



Platforms:		Windows 10/8/7, Mac OS X, Linux

Mobile Platforms:	IOS, Android OS

Programming: 		HTML, CSS, SQL, JavaScript, XML, Java

Virtualization:		VMware, VirtualBox

Bug Tracking: 		Jira, Bugzilla, Mantis

Test Automation: 	Selenium IDE, Selenium Webdriver

Other:			Android Studio, Firebug, Charles debugging, aLogcat, Chrome developer tools, Fiddler, MS Office







WORK EXPERIENCE:

06/13 – Present		Software QA Tester, LASTH Corp., Los Altos, CA



Project: web based SaaS application, human resource management solution (HRMS)

Analyzing the application structure, components, requirements, flows, and gathering all collected information to the test plan.

Learning all documentations and information about this type of application, learning the competitor’s applications.

Performing exploratory testing to learn the application's behavior.

Comparing the test application with others similar SaaS application on the market.

Creating and executing test cases, test suits and check-points.

Running functional, GUI, regression and release acceptance testing.

Discussing the features and issues with Lead QA Manager and the testing team.

Running localization testing with verifying the application's behavior under foreign languages

Performing cross-browser testing on Windows, Mac in Chrome, Firefox, MSIE, Safari, Edge, Opera

Reporting defects in a bug tracking system.

Tracking the reported defects and verifying the fixes.

Reporting feedback, reviews and suggestions for improving the application, and discussing all possible improvements with QA Manager and testing team.

Participate in meetings with the team, discussing the progress of developing and testing.



Project: Android Payment technology that is implemented on Android devices NFC enabled

Analyzing and preparing special required environment for Google Android Payments in-app Checkout with Uber

Installing and exploring the software applications on Android devices with the latest Android versions that are NFC enabled

Performing Exploratory Functional Testing with executing Test Cases according all requirements 

Providing Android Payment Method for Testing Application

Providing full descriptions and all video / photo attachments for each Testing Stage

Observation and reporting of Application behavior for each Testing Stage 

Generating the Device Log report using software features for each test



Project: Hardware and Software of wireless rearview camera and application for receiving the streaming video of camera frame

Testing Hardware and software of one of the latest automotive technology 

Performing mobile and regression testing

Installing secure Camera Frame and intelligent Car Adapter in the car and the interactive Pearl App on mobile device running Android 7, connecting all together wirelessly and performing exploratory testing of the Camera View video streaming on smartphone.

Analyzing issues of software behavior and discussing with other testers in Team and Managers to find solutions and to improve software for the next release.



Project: Educational Platform for K-6th grades students:

Analyzing requirements and specifications for Functional testing of application for tablets and personal computers that are based on a modular and progressive spiral learning system

Performing Usability and Exploratory testing with completing tasks

Providing detailed feedback with completing survey of each Test cycle based on exploratory notes 



Project: Secure Browser Application that allows customers to securely connect, synchronize and activate connected devices and services that empower enterprises and consumers to live in a connected world:

Testing the online secure service that helps to secure company data that is stored on their personal pc

Performing Exploratory testing of Secure Browser with specified web sites

Reporting of each issue that occurred during the Test Cycles with detailed descriptions, attachments and crush logs specified for this application

Creating Cross-Browser Matrices for Functional testing and investigating dependency of each issue

Monitoring all previous releases of the application, requirements, known issues, fixes and discussions





Project: Secure Mailing Service Application:

Creating and collecting different types of testing data to provide it for testing cycles

Performing Exploratory, Cross-browser testing to compare Test results

Reporting all found issues according requirements and in specified environment



2009 – 2013	Manager, 4Service Company, Poltava, Ukraine

2006 – 2009	Manager, AIG Life Insurance Company, Poltava, Ukraine



EDUCATION:

2013     Software QA Tester Online Courses, Los Altos, CA, US

2013 	Software Tester Online Course, Lviv IT School, Poltvava, Ukraine

2013 	Software Tester Online Course, Udemy, Poltvava, Ukraine

2008	BS in Marketing, University of Economics, Poltvava, Ukraine



References available upon request\n
finus a. rascoe, jr.

1260 Arrowwood Ct      Aurora, IL  60504       finus.rascoe@yahoo.com       (708) 243-2718  



TECHNICAL/LOGISTICS OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL

high level SUMMARY OF Overall QUALIFICATIONS

Experienced in the supervision, training and evaluation of personnel including training C Level clients in functional & operational business processes.

Excellent knowledge of procurement principles, processes and theories of procuring resources, inbound & outbound materials, parts & supplies.

Performance Managed 80+ personnel including team leads and managers 

	Manage the purchase, retention, and distribution of assets and materials needed to facilitate successful completion of awarded contracts

	Oversee inventory control of all items, goods, raw materials, equipment, tools, and supplies purchased for organization. Maintain inventory and facilities including vehicle fleet.

	Present team strategy to others within the organization, Assign projects and coordinate activities with other department supervisors. 

	Supervise Distribution Operation in accordance with the ISO9000 Policies and Procedures.  

	Persuasive public speaking and executive management briefing experience as well as conducting shift meetings including daily delegation of responsibilities and deliverables.

	Personally responsible for Managing, Budgeting, Auditing, and Maintaining Inventory and Operational needs for 650,000 square feet warehouse facilities, including a Telecom Laboratories facilities , Retail appliances Warehouse, and an Auto service facility.

	Sr. Consultant Level skills in SAP ECC SCM Component. Modules include (MM, SD, WM, PP, PM). Master data creation and maintenance. Over 4 Lifecycle implementations experience with different roles. 

	EWM skills Include: End User Process Training, Configuration (ECC, CIF, Plant, WH, etc.). 



EDUCATION, TRAINING & COURSES TAKEN

				mba – operations & Project mgmt	 Accomplished 10/2010

				keller graduate school	Downers Grover/Naperville IL

Course accomplishments include: 

Managerial Applications of Information Technology; Project Management Systems; Essentials of Telecommunications; Accounting and Finance; Managerial Use and Analysis; Managerial Accounting; Marketing Management; Managerial Statistics, Operations Management

GPA 3.54/4.00



bachelor of science – electrical & Electronic Technology  Accomplished 2/2000

				devry university	Chicago, IL

GPA 3.51/4.00



eRP Online SAP Training								Accomplished 4/2012

MM/WM (Enterprise Structure, Master Data, Purchasing, Inventory Management, Configuration, Valuation & Acct Assignment)

 

EWM GURU- Almasons Online EWM Training					Accomplished 1/2014

EWM (ECC configuration prep, Distribution Models, CIF Configuration & settings,  BC Sets, BSG, Enterprise Structure, Maintain Master Data, Inventory Management, Configuration,) 





PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

	SCM Consultant Lead (SAP, Functional mm/wm)	February 2011 – Present

	Accenture

	DOW Chemical Project   5/2013 - Present    	Saginaw, MI 

	Data Management Lead/ Cutover Specialist 

Manage DOWs Data Loads via Microsoft Project 2010

Managed the extraction of data from legacy & the R2 systems. Managed Pre & Post Load activities.

Tools used to Manage 3 Mock simulations and the Production environment and Go-Live activities were MS Project 2010, MS Tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Cransoft (cTrack EZMap) 

	

	DOW Chemical Project   1/2013 -  5/2013    	Midland, MI 

	3 Roles: Functional Lead 

Visited DOW Sites in Canada (Fort Saskatchewan & Prentiss) & Pittsburg, CA.  Did site assessment to verify there are no Gaps in the way the plants operate “Today” vrs the “To Be Process” (Solution).

Managed the implementation of all 3PL vendor (cockpits and equipment) 



Accenture   08/2012 -  1/2013       							   Chicago, IL

	Functional SI (EWM) Unilever

Remotely accomplished EWM FD writing, Designed and configured Production Staging Areas (PSA) 



	EMC² PROPEL Project   4/2011 -  08/2012                   Franklin, Southborough, MA  &  Apex, NC 

	3 Roles: Functional SI (WM & MM) Lead & Deployment Production Cutover Position

Functional Consultant of business processes in relation to OTC, Retail, Production Planning, Inventory Management, Materials Management, Warehouse & Shop floor Operations.

Train C level clients & end users (employees) on the “To Be Process” in functional, technical & operational business processes

SCM Cross Experienced w/ SAP Modules (WM, MM, PP).  Configuration w/(Materials, Sloc, Bin, HU, Searlization, Return Sales Order, PO’s, Returns & Scrap materials 

Interview Clients to realize Logistical, Retail, Warehouse & Shop Floor Business processes.

Streamline business processes & practices via SAP and/or Operational.  

Configurations include: Material Creation & Extension, Sales Orders, Deliveries, Purchase Orders, Warehouse Locations, Stock Transfer Orders, Contract Agreements, Sub Contracts, PGI & PGR  

Created BPD’s, CR’s, FD’s, & executed FAT & CAT testing with the Process Leads



	scm Funtional Lead consultant (SAP, Functional mm/wm)	July 2008 – February 2011

	Int – Pro & Associates	Chicago, IL

Train & coach newer SCM Business Processes to Clients and end users.

Experience limited across SAP Modules (WM, MM), Configuration w/ (Materials, Sales Orders, PO’s, Slocs).

Novice EWM Experience (Limited Exposure to Kitting, Cross Docking, Slotting, Transportation Units (TU), Warehouse Tasks (WT),  Handling Units (HU), Delivery Notes etc.). Configuration w/(Product creation, CIF, ECC preparation &  alignment with EWM, Master data CIF to EWM, PO, Plants, WH, Bin Creation, Stock Indicators, Storage types, Warehouse Number Range Assignment) . 

Knowledgeable in the creation of sales orders, Deliveries, Purchase Orders, STO, Good Movement, PGR’s, GR’s & Master data of materials utilizing SAP, Sales Order Automation (Returns) & PO Automation.

Experience conducting SAP training & navigation classes for clients & end users.

Created BPD’s, CR’s, FD’s, & executed FAT & CAT testing with the Process Leads.

	

	NOC Center Operations Manager 	October 2000 – July 2008 

	at&t/SBC/AmerItech	Chicago, IL

Worked in a call center environment as a Network Operations Manager in the Global Assurance Center.

Contributed to restoration of major communication outages.  Served as liaison between the customer and the field service technicians, while problem solve/troubleshooting all customer escalation inquiries.  

Responsible for Maintenance & Provisioning of T1’s, T3’s up to Oc192’s & Gigaman circuits.

Worked daily with call center matrixes, including Scheduling, Problem solving, Inventory, etc. 

Performance Managed 30+ technicians.

Lead in the creation & design of a new department called the “New Chronics Group” with Ameritech.

Delegated daily responsibilities to a call center group of approximately 30+ Technicians.

Personally Managed major accounts including: Goldman Sachs,  UIC, Board of Education, & Walgreens.



	Electronic engineer	April 1998 – February 2000

	lucent technologies	Naperville,   IL

Performed all troubleshooting for the 1A, 4A & 5ESS-2000 Switch’s in test environments. 

Collectively responsible for budgeting, auditing, and ordering of laboratory equipment.

Managed and maintained daily inventory Lead employee work schedules, training, and performance.   

Oversaw reconfigured hardware and install software per customer specifications.

Supervised contractors and contracted employees when installing new frames and other central office type equipment in laboratories. Assumed leadership roles in problem solving and service restoration.

Directed maintenance and technical support of 40+ test laboratories.



ADDITION EXPERIENCES



	2nd shift Warehouse supervisor	March 1996 – April - 1998

	sears Roebuck	Melrose Park,   IL

Responsible for resource procurement & Management ( interviewing, hiring, training and terminating warehouse personnel).

Managed daily operations at a 300k Square feet service center.

Responsible for shift schedule to including shift rotations.

Schedule and conduct shift meetings / Coordinate shipping startups, shutdowns, and changeovers.

Coordinate with Human Resources for appropriate staffing levels.

Responsible to meet shift receiving and shipping through-put goals.

Operate within standard operating procedures (SOPs) and Job Safety Analysis (JSAs).

	

	warehouse manager	February 1989 – March 1996

	pepsicola general bottlers	Naperville,   IL

Accountable for budgeting, auditing, and ordering of Inventory and operational needs.

Managed daily operations in a 650k Square feet service center for PepsiCo

Responsible for receiving, storage and shipping of all soft drinks, equipment and materials.

Maintained inventory accuracy through daily reconciliation of inbound receipts, outbound shipments and daily comparison of on hand stock between WMS systems and SAP.

Directed & Performance managed 80+ warehouse associates, and four office support staff.

Evaluated improved and communicated warehouse policies and procedures.

Responsible for scheduling the movement of people, goods & supporting activities

In charge of interviewing, hiring, training and terminating warehouse personnel

Coordinate with HR for appropriate staffing levels & company performance managing policies

ToolBox



MS (Office, Visio, Word, Excel, Project 2007, Project 2010)

SAP Mods (MM, SD, WM, PP, IM, QM) 

Solution Manager

Laboratory Support Processor (LSP)

Cransoft (cTrack & EZMap)

Product Lifecycle management (PLM)

Labor Management Systems (LMS)

Warehouse management Systems (WMS)

Peregrine

HPQC – HP Quality Center

EWM (Moderate Experience)

Lync/ OC (Office Communicator)

ALM (Application Lifecycle management)



Interest & extras

Volunteer for Red Cross, 

Managed volunteers in the construction of homes for Katrina victims in MS

Conduct a SAP MM training class for Albany Park Community Center students every Saturday

Novice Vintage Automotive mechanic enthusiast

www.linkedin.com/in/finusrascoe\n
Paul Johnson



Executive Summary

Top Secret clearance and over eighteen years of experience in information technology including, Systems Administration, and Systems Engineering.  Proven ability to interact and communicate with management, staff and customers on all levels.



Clearance

Top secret (DoD)



Training

Intrusion Methodology Course – Lockheed Martin

Software



Office 365, MS Office 2010/2007/2003/2000

Nortel Networks VPN Software

VMware vCenter Server 5.0

vSphere Client 5.0. VMWare Workstation 8.0\

Internet Explorer 11.0

Symantec 10

McAfee Virus Scan 5.0/4.5, McAfee Netshield 4.1.1

Magic Helpdesk Software, Heat Tracking Software, Remedy Helpdesk Tracking Software

Dell iDRAC



Email Software



Microsoft Exchange 2003/2000/5.5/5.0

Outlook Web Access

ccMail 8.0/6.0



Backup Software



Simpana Commvault v 9.0

ARCserve 2000

Backup Exec 8.5/7.3

Backup Exec for Netware 8.5/8.0. UltraBac 5.0

LiveVault 2.1



Operating Systems

Windows 8.1, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP Professional, Windows 2000 Professional, Linux, Windows NT 4.0, VMware 8.0

Network Operating Systems

Windows 2012/2008/2003/2000 Server, Windows NT 4.0/3.51

Novell NetWare 5.1/4.1

Hardware

Servers

IBM P6-520, P5-560, P6-560, P5-520

IBM Blades JS12, JS23, JS43, HS21, HS22

Dell R610, Dell R710, 2800, 2650, 1900, 4500, 4300, 4200

2450 Acer Altos

Compaq 1600

IBM Compatible Laptops

Dell 8500, 8200

IBM Thinkpads T20, X20, 600E, A21, 560, 390

PCs

Compaq Deskpro’s

Dell GX260 Pentium V

Dell Precision T5500, 5400, 490

Dell Dimension Pentium III,IV

Printers

HP 8100DN, HP LaserJet 5/5M, HP LaserJet 4M/Plus

Dell Powervault 120,110 SDLT drives

Work Experience



Evergreen ITS - Sr. Systems Administrator                            			      July 2014 – Present

US Department of Agriculture

Maintain and Administer Active Directory/Windows 2012/2008R2, in an enterprise environment.

Manage and Administer VMware vSphere 5.5 and Microsoft Hyper-V, in a virtual enterprise environment.

Administer WSUS, maintain current virus protection signatures for workstations and servers.

Perform Backups using Commvault 9.0 and prepare Disaster Recovery strategies.

PKI certificate management and CAC authentication

Restructure folder and group permissions in Active Directory

Provision user access to files and folder in Active Directory

Group policy administration

Mitigate and POAMS



Science Systems Applications Inc. – Lead Systems Administrator	              Sept. 2011 – Feb. 2014

National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration



Design, implement and maintain Windows 2008R2 Active Directory domains.

Use Dell iDRAC to build and deploy Dell R610/R710s and design environment for remote sites.

Use Centrify to create accounts and join Linux/AIX machines to Active Directory domain.

Use VMware vCenter 5.0, vSphere Client 5.0 to build and manage Windows 2008R2 servers in virtual environments.

Group Policy and Windows DNS Server administration and maintenance.

Hardening of Windows servers and workstation via group policy per DISA STIGS and CIS benchmark.

Prepare and execute POA&Ms (Plan of Action & Milestones).

Build WSUS and maintain current virus protection and signatures for workstations and servers across multiple environments.

Prepare documentation and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).



InfoZen – Sr. Windows Administrator 		     	     		   September 2008 – June 2011

Transportation Security Administration (TSA)



Maintain Windows 2003/2008 (Active Directory) in classified environments (Development, Test, and Production).

Build IBM Blade Centers to include JS12’s JS23’s, JS43’s, HS21’s and HS22’s

Group Policy and Windows DNS Server administration and maintenance.

Hardening of Windows servers per DHS/DISA STIGS guidelines.

Prepare and execute POA&Ms (Plan of Action & Milestones).

Schedule and deploy patches to correct system vulnerabilities via Shavlik and WSUS.

Prepare policy and procedure to ensure proper coordination between existing Development, Test, and Production environments in regard to correcting system vulnerabilities.  

Maintain current virus protection and signatures for workstations and servers via Symantec Antivirus Server.

Prepare documentation and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).

Resolve trouble tickets in accordance with SLA via Remedy. 



	SkillStorm – Sr. Systems Engineer/ Administrator				

	Defense Intelligence Agency/ JITF-CT 					    November 2007 – June 2008

Schedule and implement current IAVA patches via Opsware for JITF-CT servers

Create accounts and provide access to JITF-CT programs for authorized users

Maintain and administer AVRS and LDAP servers

Resolve trouble tickets



Defense Intelligence Agency/ Server Maintenance Team 			        June 2007 – October 2007

Maintain Windows 2000/2003 (Active Directory) enterprise network in classified and unclassified environment

Ensure Domain Controllers are updated to C2 security standards

Maintain current virus protection and signatures for workstations and servers

Build print servers, and reinstall printers for classified and unclassified networks

Implement and update scripts to cleanup security logs on all servers on all networks

Resolve trouble tickets when escalated to tier 3 level



Lockheed Martin – Sr. Systems Administrator 				             April 2003 – June 2007

U.S. Department of the Army



	Build Domain Controllers, DNS, configure DHCP

	Maintain Microsoft Windows 2000/2003 (Active Directory)

	Build print servers, App servers, and desktops

	Build and administer Active Directory 2000/2003, Exchange 2000/2003 servers

	Build and design infrastructure for Windows 2000/2003 network

	Build Windows 2000/2003 Servers

	Performed demonstrations of evolving information technologies

	Maintained a Windows NT/2000/2003 network in classified and unclassified environment

	Used ghost to deploy windows images to workstations.





Engineering Systems Consultants – Principle Network Administrator                  Oct 2001 – Dec 2002

U.S. Department of the Navy/NMCI



Maintained a Windows NT/2000 enterprise network in classified and unclassified environment

Maintained and administer Exchange 5.5 server

Installation and configuration of PKI certificates on IIS server

Developed and implemented backup strategies and procedures

Maintained optimal functionality of legacy environment and prepared network for cutover to Windows 2000

Implemented solution to distribute Anti-Virus software to clients remotely and maintained current virus protection 

Build Window NT 4.0/2000 servers for testing and production 

Prepared Configuration Management policies and procedures documentation  



Daedal Corporation - Principle Network Administrator           		   June 2000 – September 2001

Ogilvy Public Relations Worldwide



Maintained a Windows NT/Novell network in WAN enterprise environment and provide IT support

Responsible for performing Windows 2000 upgrades 

Maintained and administered Exchange 5.5 server

Performed server upgrade from Novell 4.5 to Novell 5

Build servers for testing and production

Responsible for maintaining and supporting dialup networking and VPN solution for the entire office

Implemented and maintained most current virus protection for workstations and servers 

Prepare documentation on procedures and policies for configuration management

Recommended, researched and tested Helpdesk solution

Setup and configure Palm Handheld Organizers 



Unisys Corporation – Senior Systems Engineer				         August 1998 – April 2000

U.S. Department of State - Office of Foreign Missions



Maintained a Windows NT enterprise network with 12 Servers and over 150 workstations

															Primary lead responsible for email migration from CCmail to Outlook97/Exchange Server 5.5 to include several remote sites

Installed, configured, and maintained Exchange Server 5.5

Implemented Exchange Server 5.5 Disaster/Recovery procedures

Responsible for researching, purchasing, and maintaining backup software and hardware

Developed backup strategies and procedures

Build servers for testing and production

Prepare documentation on procedures and policies for configuration management

Conduct necessary software/hardware testing before implementing in production environment

Assumed Network Managers responsibilities in her absence 

Responded to trouble calls when escalated to senior level

Provide weekly status reports



Education

TESST College

Paul Johnson	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 1 of 4

				

Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5\n
T IANQI (T INA ) T IAN
College Park, MD
(703)303-3609  tinatian0331@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tianqi-tian

E D U C AT I O N
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Business, Major: Information System
Cumulative GPA: 3.66/4.0

Expected: Dec 2017

Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA
May 2016
Bachelor of Science, Business Information Technology
Bachelor of Science, Finance
Cumulative GPA: 3.71/4.0
P R O FE S SI O N AL E X P E R I E N C E
Business Information Technology Department Blacksburg, VA  Aug 2015 – May 2016
Research Assistant
 Tokenized 2000 tweets associated by using text mining to identify posters’ suggestions and concerns, concluded
frequently-used words in each circumstance, which was used as a prediction tool to forecast word popularity.
 Analyzed data to explore relationship between stock price fluctuation trends and 190 General Inquirer Category’s
variables, built a data-driven intelligent tool to predict future stock trends, and optimized with adjustable
specifications.
Banyan Real Estate Group  Blacksburg, VA  Jan 2015 – June 2015
Data Analyst
 Analyzed business needs and requirement to determine how technology can best remediate concerns.
 Extracted key housing information (331) from authorized website and official government websites, managed all
phases of housing database development, including designing, configuring and implementing.
 Performed regression analysis on financial data to compare similar house information, conducted designing,
building and testing the model, which was continues used in the company. Developed advanced geographic
model which provides a clear visualization about whole dataset.
 Suggested 85 premier houses for investment using research trends that generate significant revenue.
Guotai Junan Securities  Shanghai, China  July 2015 – Aug 2015
Sales and Trading Internship
 Integrated 30 security portfolio and calculated bid price daily based on the prediction, build a calculation model
which saved 70% manual process time.
 Compiled bidding and trading information, Created 78 trading agreements online and offline, and processed
agreements with partner teams to ensure the contract were correct and on time.
China Marketing International Conference Committee  Wuhan, China  May 2014 – Aug 2014
Secretary & Group Leader
 Recruited and led a team of 19 volunteers to manage conference reception activities for 500 participants,
ensured volunteers comply with policy by providing training.
 Compiled conference agenda and guideline which was adopted by conference committee for future use; built a
database by processing 700 online registrations and 267 paper submissions
 Collaborated with other team leaders across four functions, updated and documented conference data and
helped advertise team drafted reports and conference news.
 Awarded for Excellence Contribution and Certificate of Appreciation.
A D D I T I O N AL C R E D E NT I AL S
Technical Skills: Java, VBA, SQL, Python, HTML, .Net, PHP, Tableau, R, Microsoft Office (Advanced Excel, Access,
Project), Adobe (Photoshop, After Effect, Flash).
Honors/Awards: Virginia Tech Dean’s List Honors; Virginia Tech Finance Department Outstanding Rising Senior
Scholarship; Graduation with Distinction in Finance & Business Information Technology.
Volunteering Experience: Student Track Representative, Career fair Volunteers, Big Event Volunteers.

\n
UTKARSHA DEVKAR
Email ID: utkarshadevkar@yahoo.in
Contact: 240-893-1498
Washington DC Metro Area
Objective: Dynamic, result-oriented Information Management Masters student seeking an Internship position that would allow me
apply my Research and Data Analytics skills.
Education
Masters of Science in Information Management
University of Maryland, College park.
Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunication
University of Pune, India

Expected May 2017
GPA: 3.66/4
Aug 2010-May 2014
GPA: 3.9/4

Technical: Database-Oracle (9i); Languages- HTML, Flex, MATLAB, JAVA, C, R Programming; Servers- Tomcat, Apache.
Lead Author of two technical papers published in International Journal of Science, Engineering and Technology Research in 2014.
Languages: German- Levels A1 and A2 from ‘Goethe Institut’, Pune.
Relevant Course Work
Data Analytics for Information Professionals, Human –Computer Interactions Design Methods, Information Environments, Economics
of International Telecommunications.
Professional Profile
Research Assistant- Keeping Kids Safe: Understanding Kids’ Mental Models of Online Safety on Mobile Devices
University of Maryland
March 2016- May 2016
Assisting in research on what first to fifth graders perceive as “online safety”, how they currently navigate mobile privacy and security
risks and what strategies they employ to keep “safe” on their mobile devices. This includes data collection and analysis along with
design of mobile interface cues to better support kids navigating privacy and security hazards on their mobile devices.
Applications Developer for ‘Workbench’ application
Aug 2014-Jun 2015
iNautix Technologies-A Bank of New York Mellon Company
Pune, India
• Released two award winning technical product enhancements for retrieving finalized ERISA reports with added powerful data analytic
features in addition to current PDF format
• Developed and tested the key enhancements of company website using knowledge of SQL, core Java, HTML and Microsoft Excel
• Collaborated with teams split across India and USA and achieved a successful handover from vendors –Wipro and Cognizant.
Intern
Jun–Jul 2013
Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL)
Pune, India
• Studied ‘Laser Range Finder (LRF)’ product of the Electro-optics department
• Researched and worked on device modules: sighting optics, transmitter, receiver and range processing electronic modules, currently
used by army for ranging and illuminating the target
• Conducted quality assurance of product by short and long range testing of the device.
Projects
Analysis of Global Terrorism Database – University of Maryland
Jan 2016-Present
• Aimed at determining any possible association between the region, type of attack and the number of people killed.
• Implemented data cleaning and filtering techniques using Excel
• Identified parameters and performed statistical tests to derive relations using R programming
• Worked as a team-member to successfully fulfill the requirements and determine results.
Virtual Observatory of Innovation Communities and Ecosystems (VOICE) –Volunteer
Jan 2016-Present
• Project aims to collect, connect and curate large datasets from multiple sources on the people, groups, and organizations engaging
with multiple innovations with focus on Big Data
• Successfully implemented data collection techniques to create database comprising of Big Data platforms
• Employed data science techniques to process and analyze these datasets using BigML and Blockspring.
“Human Health Status Monitoring and Prediction”- University of Pune, India. Awarded 3rd place out of 40 Projects.
2014
• The project helps a person measure his pulse rate and body temperature at any viable time with the help of the handheld device, having
a powerful database
• Researched, designed and tested Atmega16-Microcontroller based system, by performing signal conditioning on the sensor outputs
to send accurate digital input to Atmega16 and
• Automated the health database system to provide disease predictions on timely basis.
Extra-Curricular Activities:
• National Level Badminton player and represented University of Maryland for National Competitions (Runner-Up DC Open) 2016
• Volunteer Experience: Children Future India and Save the Bees Campaign-Mary PIRG College Park
2016 to present
• Successfully held the post of ‘Treasurer’ of IEEE Committee of Engineering College
Jun 2012-Jun 2013

\n
Ethan R. Ace

7618 Rhode Island Avenue | College Park, Maryland 20740 | 443-934-3884 | ethan.ace@gmail.com



Education

University of Maryland

Economics                                                                                 

May 2018

GPA : 3.4

Dean’s List: Fall 2014

Related Coursework: Business Management, Microeconomics, Macroeconomics.

Freie-Universität, Berlin

Comprehensive courses in Economic, Public, and Foreign policy of the European Union.

ACTIVITIES

Students Helping Honduras



Volunteered with a team of about 50 students to travel to Honduras in order to build a middle school for a rural village near San Pedro Sula. Successfully constructed the foundation and walls during our week of service. 

National Society of Leadership and Success

Member, Summer 2016 - Present

Maryland Men’s Soccer Club

Member, Fall 2014 - Present

Sigma Nu Delta Phi Chapter, Homecoming Chairman

Organize activities and events for alumni, as well as several other fraternities and sororities, during homecoming week for University of Maryland.





Experience

Adele’s

Server

            June 2016 to Present

Coordinate with other servers to provide superb service to students, parents, and professors in a restaurant averaging 500 daily customers.

Verify that student’s checks are split correctly and untaxed transactions are handled properly.

Collect payment from guests. Complete side work as assigned, clear and set tables, and stock service areas.





Buddy’s Pools & Spas

Retail

   

   May 2014 to August 2014

Coordinated the sales of pool chemicals, supplies, and equipment to customers.

Provided customer service over the phone to customers who had questions about various equipment for their pool.

Diagnosed customers’ pool water through alkaline tests, PH tests, and algae tests. Advised customers on how to treat their pool by suggesting chemicals and algae killers.

Familiarized myself with databases for pool equipment.

SKILLS

Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, MICROs.

REFERENCES

Dr. Sebastian Golla
sebastian.golla@gmx.de\n
THAMES S. HILLMAN						         Email: thames.hillman@gmail.com
11709 Crest Maple Drive					                               Phone: (571) 285-3653
Woodbridge, VA  22192						                             Cellular: (703) 966-8900

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY


Talented and accomplished business management and development professional with significant expertise in providing executive-level leadership; business development, account management, pricing strategy, operations, program management, personnel mentoring, performance metrics, procurement, policy and other resource requirements; and developing and implementing growth strategies and services to achieve corporate revenue and profit goals while reducing operating costs. Areas of expertise include:

Business Development

Pricing and Pricing Strategy

Account & Capture Management

Budget and Forecasting

Business Intelligence

Quality Delivery

Mentoring and Employee Development

Strategic Alliances/Partnerships

Operations

Program Management



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Paradyme Management, Inc., Greenbelt, MD 					       01/2015 to Present
Vice President of Operations

Determine operational and tactical strategies to support growth and profitability goals for a company with over 50 professional staff, 9 government contracts and annual projected revenue of $13 million. Accountable for company’s profit and loss, performance management, quality assurance, compliance, metrics development, delivery, organic growth and new business development. Liaison between corporate support and Program Management including service definition, process and procedures, and training. 

Design and implement corporate support services including program control, accounting & finance, human resources, recruiting, security, PMO, and capture management.

Create an Operations Roadmap that defines deliverables, artifacts and process for each major corporate support function

Create a Project Manager training approach that incorporates contracts, financials, corporate support, personnel management, conflict resolution, business development, and capture management.

Support Paradyme Business Development initiatives including Segment Strategies, Capture Management, Price-to-Win (PTW) Strategy along with an integrated capture and proposal process.



Sevatec, Inc., Fairfax, VA 							       09/2013 to 07/2014
Vice President of Operations

Determined operational and tactical strategies to support growth and profitability goals for a company with 250 professional staff, 12 government contracts and annual revenue of $40 million. Accountable for company’s profit and loss, quality assurance, compliance, metrics development, delivery, organic growth and new business development. Restructured the corporate business development approach by 

THAMES S. HILLMAN			         (703) 966-8900			            Resume – Page 2						

implementing account management, capture management, segment identification, business intelligence, and price-to-win strategies. 

Managed P&L for all contracts including a 140-employee, $110 million IT contract with the Department of Transportation. Customers include DOT, DOS, DHS, DSS, USTDA and DOJ with contract types of FFP, CPFF, CPAF, and T&M.

Created a Project Manager training approach geared to four management levels including Task Manager, Project Manager, Program Manager and Director incorporating contracts, financials, corporate systems, personnel management, conflict resolution, business development and capture management.

Secured a new $8.21 million in new Task Orders at the DOT.

Revamped business development process to incorporate capture management and used the resulting business intelligence to anticipate trends and future requests for proposals (RFPs).



Jorge Scientific, Inc., Arlington, VA (now Imperatis Corp)				       11/2010 to 09/2013
Vice President of Business Development & Strategic Growth

Directed strategic growth by overseeing business development, business intelligence, capture management, pricing and proposal development. Integrated and streamlined the entire business development, capture and proposal process. Spearheaded major capture efforts for the U.S. Navy, U.S. 

Marine Corps, Department of State, and U.S. Army. Empowered and mentored a team of 14 business development, capture, and business intelligence and proposal professionals to grow the company from $187 M to $240 M in 2 years. 



	Directed corporate pipeline of $2.1 billion with an average PWIN of 33%.

	Headed capture management, proposal and pricing efforts for the $85 million Counterinsurgency Advisory and Assistance Team (CAAT) contract award.

	Led two contract protests, successfully resulting in $65 million in awards.

	Reduced Bid and Proposal spending by $300,000 per year.

	Standardized the capture management, segment strategy and incorporated business intelligence and price-to-win services in support of four operating divisions.



Stanley Associates, Inc., Arlington, VA (now CGI Federal)				       06/1997 to 10/2010
Deputy Division Director, Senior Program Manager

	Oversaw company contracts at the Marine Corps Recruiting Command (MCRC), Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), Department of Transportation (DOT) and the Joint Strike Fighter Program. Managed operations to include, Tier 1, 2 and 3 network and help desk support; network architecture and engineering; information technology service management (ITSM) implementation based on an ITIL framework, information assurance, and SharePoint and website development. 

	Spearheaded proposal development that resulted in award of a $65 million contract to manage, develop and support the Maritime Administration’s information technology needs.

	Served as Senior Program Manager of an enterprise IT staff of 60+ employees providing services under a $65 million prime contract with DOT.

	

 THAMES S. HILLMAN			           (703) 966-8900			            Resume – Page 3						

	Established Document, Content and Records Management practices for company which subsequently served as the foundation for three contract awards totaling $75 million in company revenue.

	Managed 22 staff engaged in providing IT services to the U.S. Marine Corps under terms of a $15 million prime contract.

	Proposed and implemented a secured video teleconferencing network solution to ameliorate travel expenses, saving more than $1 million per year by instituting capabilities for secure, meetings without travel for the Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) Program.

	Grew Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) multimedia and web team from one individual to seven personnel increasing revenue by $700K per year.

	

Standard Technology, Inc., Arlington, VA				       	       02/1994 to 06/1997
Business Analyst

	Served as the primary client contact coordinating support to the Defense Information Systems Agency's (DISA) Operational Process Improvement Office (OPIO-D621) and DISA's Global Command and Control System (GCCS-D62) Initiative.

	

	Developed all marketing materials including brochures, magazine ads, display booths, interactive applications, kiosks and a web page design for both internet and intranet for the OPIO.

	Developed an interactive training on CD-ROM for the GCSS, Plan of Action & Milestones for DISA's GCCS initiative, and development of the internet and intranet presence.

	Developed a total marketing schema for Standard Technology, Inc. that included a revamped internet, brochures, DOD (Health Affairs) TRICARE Conference printed materials and Program Management and Integration (PMI) Contract brochures.

	

National Systems Management, Inc., Washington, DC				       12/1991 to 02/1994
Industrial Specialist

	Served as an Industrial Specialist under NRCC Aircraft Omnibus Contract N00600-92-D-0035. Provided acquisition and production management support to NAVAIR, PMA-276 and AIR-1147L.

	

	Developed, implemented and administered automated production and tracking programs for AH-I W Attack Helicopter Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) requirements.

	Prepared procurement and production documentation; ensuring new procurements are in accordance with FAR/DOD directives, policies and procedures.

	Obtained funding authorizations to produce, test, repair and support AH-I W procurement objectives.


	




	

	CERTIFICATES/LICENSES
Certified Project Management Professional (PMP), Project Management Institute, 2007, Inactive
Certified in ITIL (V3) Foundations

CLEARANCE
DoD Top Secret (final adjudication Sep 2013)

	EDUCATION
University of Mary Washington, Fredericksburg, VA
Degree: Bachelor of Professional Studies (BPS), Leadership and Management
GPA: 3.75/4.0 (Magna cum Laude)\n
Jared J Ross
9522 Meadows Farm Dr.
Owings Mills, MD, 21117
(443)-388-2906
jaredrossj@gmail.com

SKILLS & ABILITIES
● Microsoft Office Suite Certified
● Proficient in Java, HTML, C++, Visual Basic
● Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel, Powerpoint, Access
EDUCATION

Carver Center for Arts and Technology HS
I.T Prime
938 York Rd
Towson, MD 21204
Graduated 2014

2011

2010-2014

College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural
Sciences,College Park, Md. Major in Computer Science.
B.A. anticipated in May 2018.

WORK EXPERIENCE
● Amideast
May 2015-August 2015
○
Duties: Reformat and set up Computers
Troubleshoot issues
Assist with networking of office
● Barcoding Inc: Project Assistant
2013-2014
○
Duties: Develop apps,
Manage Amazon storefront,
Prototype new technology,
Create spreadsheets to assist in vertical market research,
Assist in creating application based solutions for customers
●

XP Lasersports:Front Desk
○
Duties: Worked the cash register,
Operated phones,
Assisted in the creation of programs

2013-2014

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
● Future Business Leaders of America- Member
2012-2014
● Paintball Club
August 2013-December 2013
● Varsity Tennis
2010-2014

REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

\n
Sunil Kumar Valluri                                                  

Professional Summary: 

Over 12 years of experience in the IT industry, with more than 9 years of extensive experience in Middleware Administration and Designing Enterprise Application Integration Process Management. To obtain a challenging position in Middleware administration, engineering/Infrastructure team where my experience can be leveraged and keeps me on the edge of technology learning curve and potential for career development as well as success of organization

Close to 12 years of experience in the IT industry, which includes demonstrated work experience in the analysis, design, installing, system study, testing, implementation, writing specification and maintenance Knowledge for enterprise wide security application using WebLogic Server, Apache, JBoss, Sun One Webserver, Portal, Netegrity CA Siteminder under heterogeneous environment consisting of AIX, Red Hat Linux 5.8/6.3, HP-UX, SUN Solaris 8/10, Windows NT /00/03/08.

Experience in installation, configuration, performance tuning and maintenance of WebLogic 8.1/9.2/10.0/10.3/11g/12c and with JDBC, JMS, JNDI, SNMP and J2EE Services.

Installing and configuring Websphere 8.x on various env’s

Solid experience in installing and configuring Apache, Tomcat, Jboss, IPlanet.

Involved in the migration of WebLogic Server from 7.0 8.19.210.312c

Implemented Weblogic, server procurement, routing, load balancing on AWS( Amazon Web Services ) cloud computing services

Extensive working knowledge in J2EE (JSP, EJB, JDBC, JNDI, JMS, Servlets), Java Beans, RMI JavaScript, XML.

Experience in configuration and troubleshooting issues related to Clusters in WebLogic 7.0/8.1/9.2/10.3/12c environment.

Knowledge in configuring weblogic and apache with open ssl, and verisign cert that includes generating csr and requesting certs. 

Self-developed programmed tools in WLST and python for weblogic using WLST and front end as java. My tools are portable to use.

Knowledge in installing / configuring JBoss/Weblogic integrating with Apache as front end.

Experience in configuring (Sun ONE iPlanet, Apache, IIS) as proxies to WebLogic.

Monitoring and Tuning weblogic server with in depth analysis of process, JVM, threads and GC.

Extensive knowledge and experience in upgrading JVM’s, applying patches, service packs and recommending necessary security fixes.

Experience in both clustered and non-clustered weblogic environments.

Expertise with Application Deployment (ear, war, and exploded format), debugging and closely working with developers, DB admin and direct vendor like Microsoft, oracle, SUN.

Authored tool that monitors the capacity of applications/servers using WLST and Java ssh libraries.

Expertise in UNIX, LINUX, SOLARIS and Windows administration.

Solid experience in developing and deploying the applications on multiple WebLogic Servers and maintaining Load balancing and High availability.

Configured JNDI server as repository for EJB Home stubs, JDBC data source, JMS connection factories, queues and topics

Knowledge on Plumtree portal 6.0 now called Oracle WCI 10.3 administration.

Handling server security and network administration on both windows and UNIX servers.

Experience in providing 24/7 application support for Production, QA, UAT and DEV environments on rotation basis within the team members.

Installed Netegrity Siteminder 5.x web agent for windows/Unix and configured it for IIS, Weblogic and Apache.

Configuration WARP and RAM as authentication providers for various J2EE apps.

Applying patches to weblogic server using BSU.

Experience in installation and configuration various monitoring tools like Sitescope, HPOV, LogWatch and Oracle Enterprise Manager.

Being a middleware admin always needs to do research and play around with new technologies by configuring/installing third party software like Emptoris, Cognos, Orgchart, Documentum.

Experience in integrating remote JMS server MQ Series with Weblogic server.                       

Experience in creating and scheduling jobs using Autosys, crontab.

Solid knowledge of different Databases like Point base, Oracle, DB2, Sybase and SQL Server, besides integrating them with applications Utilized Oracle 9i and 10G with TOAD to compose builds and assemble data

Strong experience with building tools using various scripting languages like perl, shell, wlst, python that will bring efficiency and consistency for Production Operations.

Worked on IT Assets Management (ITAM), which includes capacity planning, Tuning.

Integrating and managing solutions with IIS, IPlanet LDAP, and Directory Smart single sign on

Installing and configuring OAM webgate with Apache.

Dedicated Registration Authority (RA) for all Verisign and Entrust Certificates for over 1,000 applications within the web-hosting group reducing time to production.

Knowledge in SQL queries and troubleshooting issues related to JDBC connection pools.

Installed and configured various Hardware Load Balancers like CISCO Catalyst 3560E, Nortel Alteon, and Crescendo’s Maestro for various applications.

As an architecture upgrade, doing R & D on various tools like websphere 7.0, wordpress, sonic ESB, Actional, Apache SOLR. 

Good knowledge of software development methodologies and lifecycle. & excellent communication skills and a good team player.

Relevant Experience:

McGraw-Hill Companies—NYC, New York                                                              March 2012 – Present

Sr. Weblogic Administrator / Solution Architect                            

Responsibilities

Involved in all administrative tasks like Installation, Configuration, Deployment, and Troubleshooting of BEA WebLogic Application Server 10.3 / 12 c on Solaris and Unix platform

Supporting applications hosted for Business critical domains like standard and poor’s, S & P Indices, Platt’s, and McGraw-Hill Education.

Responsible for starting up, configuring, administering and maintaining the J2EE applications as part of the enterprise's computing/ networking infrastructure and Deploying applications

Extensively involved in Tuning and Clustering of the Weblogic server 10 and 12c

Deployed applications on multiple WebLogic Servers and maintained Load balancing, high availability and Fail over functionality. 

Installed & configured Apache Web Server with Tomcat/Weblogic/Jboss Plugin in various environments

Working on websphere 8 deployments ,configuring and building new env’s

Self-developed tools for weblogic using WLST and java as front end.

Currently learning and working on cloud computing concepts and using AWS (Amazon Web Services) modules such as routing, load balancer, server procurement.

Monitored and tuned TCP/IP, MQ queue depth, JVMs, JVM heap size, garbage collections, Java stack and Native thread depending on L&P Testing results and production performance

Performed day-to-day tasks to ensure the smooth and efficient operations of the WebLogic run time environment including troubleshooting, system back up and recovery etc.

Responsible for analyzing and troubleshooting all WebLogic related issues reported by the clients in different environments like Dev, UAT, Prod and DR environments.

Creation of SSL and Digital Certificates for requesting, generating and implementation for the communication between Web server and the Application Server

Involved in bridge calls with other team members and developers for resolving the high priority issues in the Production Environment

Involved in full life cycle of the project, tracking bugs and fixes for diagnosing the application server problems

Weblogic Architect from designing to Go Live for S&P integration with Dow Jones.

Coordinated annual disaster recovery testing for 1000+ web based applications ensuring production failover.

Configured JNDI server as repository for EJB Home stubs, JDBC data source, Multi DS with RAC configuration, JMS connection factories, queues and topics

Knowledge of all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) with good designing, coding, testing, debugging, and troubleshooting skills, UNIX/Linux/AIX/HP-UX, Tuxedo, Full SDL C and Build Release Management, Project Mgmt, Oracle/RDBMS Design and Development

Implemented standard backup procedures for both application DB and WebLogic administration DB

Configured wordpress to work with Apache webserver for various Dow Jones Blogs

Configured Actional Server with Sonic ESB integration.

Involved in Performance tuning of WebLogic server with respect to heap, threads and connection pools, row prefetch , garbage collection to make the application highly scalable and worked with Oracle and SUN team in few cases

Involved in configuring the Security using LDAP for different levels of access at the site

Developed, Modified and executed the ANT, SHELL, WLST, Python and Jython scripts responsible for administration and maintenance process of the weblogic server 8.1 & 10.

Configured apache as proxy to weblogic servers on UNIX/Solaris platform

Implemented security and configuration of LDAP, Netscape Directory Server, Site Minder single sign-on configurations

Provided on call 24x7 support on a rotation basis for business critical applications.

Environment: Weblogic 10.0,10.3/11g/12c,AWS cloud computing service, Apache 2.x, JMS,ANT , Oracle 10, MS SQL Server,J2EE,JSp,Servlets,EJB,JRockit 28.2.5 ,Microsoft Outlook 2010,NETCOOL,Windows NT 2003/2010,AUTOSYS, Sun Solaris 8, 10,Shell/Perl Scripting JavaScript, Oracle 9i ,10g,PL/SQL,JProbe,F5 BIG-IP Load Balancer, IIS, Plumtree portal 6.0, 6.5, JDK1.5, 1.6, JConsole, MQ Series,Wordpress, Tomcat, Apache solr 3.1, Actional Server with Sonic ESB integration.

Comcast—Reston, Virginia                                                                	        April 2011 - March 2012

Web & App Hosting Administrator/ Middleware Support                                                                                                            

Responsibilities:

As a middleware hosting team regular activities involves business critical clusters that encompass middleware technologies like weblogic, Jboss, apache, on rotation basis within the team members.

Performed Installation, Configuration, Deployment, Performance Tuning and Troubleshooting of various middleware applications. 

Configured Weblogic resources like Clusters, JDBC, JMS Queues and Topics for high availability in a clustered environment spanning across different Data Centers.

Monitoring various applications in all the env’s, using monitoring tools like sitescope and Maestro.

Builds on various repositories and automated scripts for auto deployment & build purpose.

Worked on application performance metrics like Heap Usage, No. of GCs, Thread dumps, DB Connections usage, Queue Depth and discussed with vendor like Oracle and Microsoft.

Developed python scripts for various critical applications for deployments, monitoring, cloning.

Strictly responding to Auto alerts and regularly monitoring like page check failed, Disk space issues and proactively responding to it.

Developed Startup and Shutdown scripts for the Application servers.

Worked closely with Database and Developers team during business critical migrations and troubleshooting any issues that arise during the release or deployment process. 

Installed and configured Apache Web Server with Siebel/Tomcat/Weblogic/Jboss Plugin in various environments

Regular activity includes working on Change and Incident Management Tickets, Installing software’s, Bug fixes, code migration from development to production environment. 

Installed and configured Apache 1.5_x, 2.0 which includes redirection, rewriting rules and configuring Weblogic Proxy.

Configured SSL (https) in Apache as well as Weblogic domains, which includes generating keys, updating the certificates and working on Certificate renewal.

Weekend Support for various go live events and work involves go live events like deployment, deployment errors sometimes emergency conference calls for problem resolution.

Installed and configured webaget for SSO user authentication as front end interface to weblogic, Apache and JBoss.

Preparing and maintaining documentation for environment configuration, Code Build, Code Migration procedures and J2EE application packaging and deployment standards

Environment:  WebLogic 8.1/9.2/10.0/10.3,11g,Apache 1.5_x,2.0, JRockit 1.5.0, , Windows NT/2000/2003, Lotus Notes, HP-Unix 11.0, Sun Solaris 8, 10,Shell/Perl Scripting JavaScript, Oracle 9i ,10g,PL/SQL,JProbe,F5 BIG-IP Load Balancer, IIS, JDK1.5, 1.6, JConsole, MQ Series.

Fannie Mae—Reston, Virginia 				             	            May 2010 – April 2011                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Web & System Administrator/ Middleware Support                      

Responsibilities:

Provided middleware support for several different business critical clusters that encompass middleware technologies like weblogic, jboss, apache, Sun One IPlanet Server.

Performed Installation, Configuration, Deployment, Performance Tuning and Trouble-shooting of weblogic applications. 

Worked on various financial critical applications like portal, Credit Loss Management, Investor Reporting, Business operations, Transactions, Funds Transfer Initiation, Liquidity, Disbursement, Cash Concentration.

Configured Weblogic clusters that span across different data centers for DR purposes.

Configured Weblogic resources like JDBC, JMS for high availability in a clustered environment 

Monitoring the App server status in all the environments, using Fannie Mae own Infosie and IEOPS.

Authored and maintained weblogic/apache/jboss binary installation utility “fmDistributor” that is based on UNIX Shell scripting 

Maintained weblogic domain installation utility “fmInstaller” based on Shell Scripts, WLST.  All the needed domain information is provided through flat files.

Authored an application metric repository utility “fmAppMetricPoller” that gathers key identified application performance metrics like Heap Usage, No. of GCs, DB Connections usage, Queue Depth and other related information.

Developed python scripts for Page/Port check alerts and it’s currently live in production.

Strictly responding to Auto alerts and regularly monitoring like page check failed, Disk space issues and proactively responding to it.

Developed Startup and Shutdown scripts for the Application servers.

Worked closely with Database and Developers team during business critical migrations and trouble-shooting any issues that arise during the release or deployment process. 

Resolved production issues in a timely manner by taking thread dumps and also by using third party tools( Ex: Thread dump analyzer and Dumpster)

Installed and configured Apache Web Server with Siebel/Tomcat/Weblogic/Jboss Plugin in various environments

Involved in Performance tuning of WebLogic server with respect to heap, threads and connection pools, row prefetch to make the application highly scalable and worked with Oracle and sun team in few cases.

Regular activity includes working on Change and Incident Management Tickets, Installing software’s, Bug fixes, code migration from development to production environment. 

Installed and configured Apache 1.5_x, 2.0 which includes redirection, rewriting rules and configuring Weblogic Bridge.

Configured SSL (https) in Apache as well as Weblogic domains, which includes generating keys, updating the certificates and working on Certificate renewal.

Configuration WARP and RAM as authentication providers for various J2EE apps and as double security we even configured SiteMinder at Web Layer which in turn calls RAM. Implementing this avoids security dependency on Weblogic for Roles and permissions. 

Worked on NETCOOL tool which helps in placing blockers for scheduled reboot or migration activities and monitoring activities.

Installed and Configured Job Management tool Autosys, to invoke various JIL and PERL scripts

Installed and configured Siteminder for SSO user authentication as front end interface to weblogic, Apache and JBoss.

SSL decryption using Private Key from Keystore using Wireshark.

Preparing and maintaining documentation for environment configuration, Code Build, Code Migration procedures and J2EE application packaging and deployment standards

Environment:  WebLogic 8.1/9.2/10.0/10.3,11g,Apache 1.5_x,2.0, JBoss 4.2.3 GA, JRockit 1.5.0,Microsoft Outlook,NETCOOL,IEOPS, INFOSITE, Windows NT/2000/2003,AUTOSYS HP-Unix 11.0, Sun Solaris 8, 10,Shell/Perl Scripting JavaScript, Oracle 9i ,10g,PL/SQL,JProbe,F5 BIG-IP Load Balancer, IIS, Plumtree portal 6.0, 6.5, JDK1.5, 1.6, JConsole, MQ Series.

Novartis Pharmaceuticals—East Hanover, New Jersey                        December 2007 – May 2010

Weblogic Admin / Tech Team Lead Hosting Services                 

Responsibilities:

Supported Various Application Running on both Weblogic / IIS on Windows and Solaris platform. Provided 24/7 on call support for various applications.

Deployed various WAR, JAR, EAR applications in clustered / non-clustered environment and troubleshooting issues related to pre and post deployments. 

Configured JDBC, JMS ,Managed Servers, clusters in Weblogic Servers

Monitoring the App server status in all the environments, installing and configuring WebLogic Server 8.1, 9.0 and 10.0,11g

Weblogic Architect for various application hosted on shared as well as dedicated machines

Worked closely with Database and Developers team during business critical migrations and troubleshooting any issues that arise during the release or deployment process. 

Resolved production issues in a timely manner by taking thread dumps and also by using third party tools( Ex: Thread dump analyzer and Dumpster)

Developed and maintained shell, WLST based auditing utility “appAuditor” that gathers OS version, weblogic patches, and permissions of critical files like boot.properties.

Developed scripts to monitor JDBC Connection Pool Status, JVM Heap Size, JMS messages in the Destination queues in the production environment.

Involved in Performance tuning of WebLogic server with respect to heap, threads and connection pools and worked with Oracle and sun team in few cases.

Upgraded the WebLogic servers with necessary patches and Service Packs. 

Regular activity includes code migration, troubleshooting, ticket handling on prod, dev, DR env’s. 

Coordinated with various teams for Application Support team to identify issues in env’s. 

Installed & configured Apache 1.5_x, 2.0 which includes redirection, rewriting rules and configuring Weblogic Proxy Bridge.

Installed and Configured Oracle Content Server 10gR3, HP Sitescope 10.

Complete MQSeries V5.3 package installation and configuration on Windows/ Unix

Used 2 way integration, MQSeries with Weblogic using Resource adapter as well as JMS Queues.

Knowledge on Administering MQSeries JMS Objects

Created Queue manager, Channels in MQSeries using command prompt also with MQ Explorer. 

Installed and Configured Job Management tool Autosys, to invoke various JIL and PERL scripts

Developed Startup and Shutdown scripts for various middleware application servers. 

Installed/Configured Crescendo’s Maestro H/W Load balancer for various production applications.

Knowledge of plumtree portal 6.5 now called Oracle WCI administration which involves import/export, security settings, crawler’s jobs and migrating pages and maintaining dashboard.

Installed and configured Weblogic portal 10.3, migrating desktop, books, portlets using propagation tool as well as content migration using bulk loaders and unloaders.

Worked closely with Portal experts in migration from Plumtree 6.0 to 6.5 versions.

Installed Netegrity Siteminder 5.x web agent and configured it for IIS and Apache.

Configured and generated various Webtrends reports for high load critical applications 

Monitoring the startup logs for any exceptions or errors. Performing regular health checks for the servers in the UAT and Production environments.

Involved in upgrading from windows 2000 to 2003 severs and working on post installation steps after upgrading IIS5 to IIS6 upgrade.

Configured Mercury JProbe Testing tool with weblogic as a plugin

Extensive Shell Scripting experience; Wrote scripts to collect data for Weblogic server such as information about Execute Queue Threads, idle threads, JVM heap size

Solution design, test plans, implementation. Stress, Forward Engineering, Next Release        Development, Cons, Proof of Concept, Project management Plan

Good Working knowledge of weblogic in both clustered and non-clustered environment.

Expertise in business critical activity like DNS mapping with alias name creation and IP binding.

Good knowledge about the sql commands to remotely login to DB servers and do basic testing whenever weblogic server goes down throwing few DB errors.

Coordinating with various application owners and discussing Minutes of meeting’s with team.

Maintaining Knowledge base dashboard and sharing knowledge and issues/resolutions within team.

Environment:  WebLogic 8.1/9.2/10.0/10.3,11g,Apache 1.5_x,2.0, HP Sitescope,Lotus Notes, Windows NT/2000/2003, HP-Unix 11.0, Sun Solaris 8, 10,Shell/Perl Scripting JavaScript, Oracle 9i, 10g, PL/SQL, JProbe, Crescendo Maestro, F5 BIG-IP Load Balancer, IIS, Plumtree portal 6.0, 6.5, JDK1.5, 1.6, JConsole, MQ Series.

Hewlett Packard—Houston, Texas                                    	     January 2007 – December 2007

Middleware Engineer/Dedicated Web Hosting Services             

Responsibilities:

Provided Level 3 middleware support for about 1860 servers which includes both testing/Staging and production servers

Installed and configured Sun ONE webserver (iPlanet), apache 2.x and tomcat in various environments.

Configuring Apache according to the End User Needs.

Installed and configured SiteMinder 5Qmr7.Integrated with Apache/IIS for various applications.

Installed and configured WebLogic 8.1 in development, QA, UAT and production environments.

Involved in the upgrading of WebLogic server7.0 to WebLogic 8.1/9.2.

Worked with system management products HP Open View now called as HP Operations Manager.

Configured Nortel Alteon hardware Load Balancer for various production applications

Installed and configured Asp.net in different environments.

Configuration and operation of CISCO 3560E Load Balancer for various production applications.

Configured and maintained WebLogic clusters and external hardware load balancers.

Deployed various WAR, JAR, EAR applications in clustered environment 

Working closely with developers to fix code issues in JAVA and deploying successfully on weblogic

Documenting all the priority 1 resolved issues and steps to stop reoccurring in future.

Configured and administered JDBC, JMS, JNDI, and SNMP on WebLogic Server. 

Monitored JVM heap sizes and garbage collection times for tuning JVM’s.

Configured and maintained queues and topics in WebLogic JMS servers.

Deployed applications & maintained Load balancing, high availability & Fail over functionality. 

Configured LDAP using WebLogic Server for user authentication. 

Involved in research & troubleshooting of emerging application issues, from config to code issues. 

Automated daily activities and auto deploy process using UNIX shell scripts.

Configured Sitescope for monitoring services and servers. 

Developed scripts for automatic startup and shutdown of Admin Server and Managed Servers 

Provided 24/7 on call Production Support using cellphone/pager. 

Responsible for maintaining and migrating code for development, PLE, UAT and production environments.

		

Environment:  WebLogic 8.1/7.0/9.2,Apache 2.x,JBoss,iPlanet 5.1,Autosys, Siteminder ,Sitescope, Windows NT/2000, HP-Unix 11.0, Sun Solaris 9, 10,Shell/Perl Scripting JavaScript, Oracle 9i PL/SQL,JDK 1.4_x,HP OVO, Propagation tool, bulk loaders, Nortel Alteon.

Certifications & Trainings:

BEA Weblogic 8.1 Certified Administrator: System Administration      			    October 2007

BEA Weblogic 9 Certified Administrator: System Administration        		                          July 2008

Trained by BEA for Weblogic platform 10                                                                                      February 2010

Oracle Solaris 10 System Administrator Certified Professional                                                     August 2010

Education:

Master’s in Computer Sciences, University Of New Orleans 		              	          (New Orleans, LA)

Master’s in Computer Sciences [Exchange], University Of Michigan                                     (Ann Arbor, MI) 

Bachelor of Science in Computer Sciences, JNTU                                                                                        (India)

Technical Skills:

		Web & Application Server

Oracle Weblogic Server 7.0/8.1/9.2/10.0/10.3/11g/12c, Apache Web Server 1.X/2.x , Java System Web Server 6.1, IIS 6.0, JBoss 4.2.3/5.1.0, Apache Tomcat,Websphere 8.x

		Operating System

AIX, RHEL 5, 6, HP-UX ,Solaris 8,10, DOS, Windows NT/2000/2003/2008/2012

		Cloud Computing Services

AWS ( Amazon Web Services )

		LDAP and Single Sign On

Siteminder 5QMR7, Active Directory, RAM, WARP, OAM webgate

		Blog Tool / Search server

WordPress 3.5.1 / Apache Solr 3.1

		Portal Applications

Plumtree Portal 6.0, 6.5  BEA Aqua logic  Oracle WCI 10.3, Oracle Weblogic Portal 10.3.2.

		Scripting  Language

UNIX Shell (Korn, Bourne, Bash), JSP, Java Script, PERL,PYTHON,WLST

		Hardware Load Balancers

Maestro Load Balancer, CISCO Catalyst 3560E, Nortel Alteon, Big F5.

		Database

Oracle 8i/9i, DB2, Sybase, My SQL, SQL server & MS Access

		Protocols

TCP/IP, HTTP,T3, HTTPS, FTP,SCP,DNS, SSL,RSA, SSH, SNMP, UDP, DHCP

		Programming Language

C, C++, Java, JSP,MATLAB,HTML,J2EE,XML

		Others 

Lotus Notes, HP OVSD, BMC Remedy, Eclipse,

JPobe,WireShark,Autosys.IEOPS,Infosite,JConsole, IBM Data Studio, ptspy, SSH client, putty,Nagios,JIRA,Cruise Control, Wily ,Sitescope,HP BAC, Actional Agent, Sonic.







Sunil Kumar Valluri	Paradyme Management, Inc.	        Page 2 of 8



Sunil Kumar Valluri	Paradyme Management, Inc.	        Page 1 of 7\n
SKILL SUMMARY:

Proven track record of successfully supporting the Kintana/Mercury ITG/HP PPM platform (11 years;

versions 5.5, 6.0, 7.1, 7.5, 9.1, 9.2 and 9.3) having performed numerous HP PPM installations, upgrades, base and advanced configurations, customizations and integrations, server clustering, performance tuning, data loads and conversions, and custom reporting for clients (JSP, Excel, integration with Crystal Reports and SAP Business Objects).

Strong understanding of how to improve your project planning and execution, and effectively manage your

end-to-end project, application and IT service lifecycle management processes through tailoring HP PPM.

Ability to configure and customize the HP PPM platform to provide a variety of benefits for your Enterprise.





CLEARANCES:

N/A



EDUCATION:

BSBA, Management Information Systems & Services, The University of Texas at Austin (2004)



RECENT WORK EXPERIENCE:

HPE PPM/ITSM/ALM/Tableau Data Analytics Software Delivery Lead, Audein - Auxiliary Development and

Integration (Jan 2010 - Present)

Specialist in HP PPM Installations, Upgrades, Advanced Configuration, Customizations and Integrations,

Enterprise Project Management Software, HP Application Portfolio Management Upgrade, SQL/Oracle PL SQL and Java/JSP (Java Server Pages)

Project Industries: Financial Services, Manufacturing, Oil and Gas Trading, Retail, IT Services, Other Openlink Endur Technical Administration, Implementations, Environment and Infrastructure Management (Oil and Gas Trading Platform)

HP Application Lifecycle Management (ALM/QC) - Installations, Upgrades (includes HP Performance Center,

Project Migrations, Site Administration Migrations, and other ALM add-ons), Administration, Configuration and Integrations - 1 year

Areas of Expertise:

	o	IT Project and Portfolio Management (ITPM)

	o	Project and Portfolio Management, Program Management, Resource Capacity Management

(Optimization), Project Financial Management, Demand Management and Time Management

	o	IT Service Management (ITSM)

	o	Request Fulfillment, Incident Management, Problem Management, Agile Scrum, SDLC, Contract

Management, Asset Management, CMDB (Configuration Management), Service Level Management

	o	Application Lifecycle Management (ALM)

	o	Defect Management, Change Management, Release Management, Software Deployment Management, Build Management, Software Testing





HP PPM Software Delivery Lead, Fifth Third Bank (Oct 2015 – Nov 2015)

Provided client leveraging HP PPM for managing both IT and Non IT projects

Heavy use of Demand Management to implement "self-serving", automated processes that end clients can use to directly manage changes to underlying data elements and reduce product maintenance

Leveraged Demand Management for Audit and Compliance as well as fulfilling the need to demonstrate

"repeatable and standardized" processes over HP PPM for regulatory compliance purposes



Application Performance Tuning and re-engineering of customizations and configuration of application objects with performance overhead to reduce performance bottlenecks

Managed an offshore team of 5 resources

Documented previously undocumented configuration and customizations to improve product maintenance and reduce maintenance costs



HP PPM Lead Consultant, Dell EMC (Jul 2015 – Sep 2015)

Performed upgrade of HP PPM from version 9.14 to 9.31and HP APM Upgrade

Created Program, Resource, Project and Demand Management dashboards without querying a transactional database to maintain application performance (essentially database warehousing within the PPM database without ETL to an external system; reducing Total Cost of Ownership (TCO))

Reported on resource load, allocations and capacity across resource pools, projects, programs and assets

Provided process automation through Demand Management to improve application support



HP PPM Software Delivery Lead Consultant, Nike (Dec 2014 – Jun 2015)

Provided custom email notification exception reporting for Time and Financial Management

Portlet and Custom Report development for Project and Portfolio Management

QTP/UFT scripting to load legacy data for existing and new processes, including functional testing

Modified custom financial management scripts and automation of manual O&M processes





HP PPM Development Lead, Hewlett Packard Enterprise (Jul 2014 – Nov 2014)

Working with HP Profession Services (PSO) to rollout HP PPM for the Bonneville Power Administration (Post

Pilot Implementation)

Responsible for implementing setup to enable clustering (application load balancing) for HP PPM 9.3

Provided Consulting on how to implement PPM best practices over HP PPM

Implemented processes to facilitate planning, budgeting, forecasting for capital projects, O&M (Operate and

Maintain) and Enhancements (TCO assessment)

Implemented full-blown HP PPM driven Portfolio Lifecycle Management (Proposals, Projects, Assets), including Resource Management, Program Management and Project Financial Management (CAPEX/OPEX by categories)

Implemented Asset Management at a macro-level (e.g. Storage, as opposed to individual storage devices)

Responsible for administration, advanced configuration and custom integrations to support project financial management over HP PPM





HP PPM Lead Portfolio Planning & Delivery Consultant, Nike (May 2014 – Jun 2014)

Responsible for implementing portfolio and program management initiatives for Nike over HP PPM; involves extracting or importing data into HP PPM from parallel systems to provide a single system for the aggregation and analysis of portfolio planning and delivery data, and program data

Implemented custom web service job to extract batch personnel information (*contractor cost rates for cost calculations) from external system (Flex) into PPM on a weekly basis





HP PPM Technical Delivery Lead, Hewlett Packard Enterprise (Jan 2013 – Apr 2014)

HP Enterprise Services: Development and production support for HP PPM instance (250,000+ users; versions

9.14, 9.2). Strong emphasis on Project Management, Resource Management and Demand Management powered by HP PPM. Supported initiative to implement FIPS 140-2 encryption over PPM Oracle backend. Lead and executed security implementation to split a single HP PPM instance between multiple non-intel and intel clients, using shared PPM process and objects; while ensuring the segregation of access to data. Applied dynamic security for client specific resource pools, staffing profiles, projects and non-project demand requests. Applied HP PPM 9.14 and 9.2 defect workarounds.



HP Enterprise Group: Pilot rollout of HP PPM (all modules except Deployment Management; versions 9.14,

9.2) for <= 10,000 users. Strong focus on Project Management, Resource Management, Time Management, Portfolio Management, Program Management and Demand Management (segregated multi-tenant environment). Implemented custom security for Project Staffing Profiles and Financial Summaries. Worked on development to create projects using HP PPM .net web services. Also implemented Portfolio and Program Management setup for multiple groups. Developed PPM-specific batch processes to compliment custom resource load from HR system to HP PPM. Applied HP PPM 9.14 and 9.2 defect workarounds. Agile Implementation...

Common: Performed production support, PPM clustering, and system administration, base and advanced

configuration, web services and database integrations, JSP reporting and interfaces, and user training and enablement. Involved in all phases of the SDLC (Planning, Requirements Gathering, Design, Construction and Execution).



HP PPM Lead Developer, Morgan Stanley (Dec 2011 – Dec 2012)

Morgan Stanley Enterprise IT – performed HP PPM Upgrade from 7.5 to 9.12, as well as development, support and maintenance of highly customized HP PPM instance (30,000+ users) with over a 1000+ custom tables, custom java modules, JSP customizations, as well as custom javascript rules to embed custom interfaces. Involved in agile development to support home-grown resource management module over HP PPM, and other custom integrations.

Managed and executed HP PPM workflow conversion (mapping) for initiative to transform of 7-8 project

request types into a single standardized project request type (100% database conversion, also involved request type conversion scripting and Informatica ETL (data conversion)). Agile Implementation. Also performed configuration of standardized (cross-BU) project request type.

Managed and executed agile rollout (pilot) of a stand-alone Project Management request type for the IT Operations group (Run Support Organization) over shared Enterprise IT HP PPM instance. Performed all configurations for initiative (A-Z) within 3 months. Developed custom process enabling IT Operations projects to chargeback to Enterprise IT projects. Implemented security to segregate access to the IT Operations project request type.

Performed production support, PPM clustering, and system administration, base and advanced

configuration, web services and database integrations, JSP reporting and interfaces, and user training and enablement.



HP PPM Lead Consultant, Insurity (Apr 2010 – Dec 2011)

LexisNexis/Insurity – Custom HP PPM development, advanced configuration and integrations to support compliance-based processes for Insurance Clients across the US; highly segregated and secure environment.

Lead implementation to develop proprietary demand management processes over HP PPM to manage

regulatory compliance, software impacts, changes to client specific applications, and the delivery of changes to end-clients.

Supported complex workflow and source data setup as client environment was setup to pull PPM validation

data from external systems in real time.

Performed HP PPM upgrade from 7.5 to 9.12 (heavy database and file system customizations).

Engaged in database integrations (ETL), .Net web services integration and other internal PPM integrations.

Performed production support, PPM clustering, system administration, base and advanced configuration, and file system enhancements.



Senior HP PPM Consultant, Sherwin Williams (Jan 2010 – Apr 2010)

HP PPM Project Management and Time Management roll-out for Global Operations Teams.

The client was looking to rollout demand management processes that conveniently auto-created time sheets, and added time sheet lines, for assignees specified on requests only. The creation needed to happen immediately after the assignee was selected. Similarly, for projects, customizations were implemented to batch-create time sheets for project task assignees.

The job was ran twice a week and loaded project tasks to the time sheets for resource assigned to the

respective task.

Better managed a new implementation, simplified workflows were implemented for project and demand requests. Project was heavy on consulting and the top priority was to ensure that all client expectations were met.

Batch conversion required (one time) to bring in legacy time, project and demand management data from external systems. Involved in all phases of the SDLC (Planning, Requirements Gathering, Design, Construction and Execution).





Senior HP PPM & Openlink Endur Technical Consultant, Accenture (Jul 2005 – Jan 2010)

Involved in 3 full lifecycle implementations of HP PPM (Rio Tinto Alcan, the Hartford Financial, and BP) and 1 full lifecycle implementation of Openlink Endur (Shell Oil/Trading).



Openlink Endur Technical Consultant, Shell Oil Company (Jul 2008 – Dec 2009)

Installed and upgraded Openlink Endur Oil and Gas Trading platform and APM (Active Position Manager)

Openlink Endur User Administration and Production Support

TPM (Trade Processing Manager) and Service Manager Setup and Configuration

Endur Grid Server setup and Integration

Citrix Application and Development server setup and Environment

Supported using Citrix Presentation Management Console

Tibco 8.0 Upgrades and Integration

Third party application integration with Openlink Endur (Testing and Change Management Tools) – HP QTP (Quick Test Professional), HP Quality Center. Other: QTP-SAP Integration

Endur Environment and Infrastructure Management: Custom Build/Development Support, Custom Object Deployment, Endur Change Management, Endur Environment Creation and Management (Dev, Test, Staging, Production) – Advanced knowledge of the Technical Project Delivery of Openlink Endur

Other Responsibilities: Deployed custom code and configurations for the development teams, supporting

the infrastructure associated the project (including testing new setup), troubleshooting server and environment specific issues, helping to enable the testing teams with appropriate software (HP QTP, QC, QTP-QC integration) to appropriately perform their function, and leveraging the DBA team to setup environment security (role-based) as well as troubleshooting database performance issues.

Proficient in PL/SQL 9i, 10g, 11g (functions, procedures, packages, triggers, views, materialized views, etc.)



Senior HP PPM Developer/Consultant, Rio Tinto (Jul 2007 – Jun 2008)

Used HP PPM to provide Rio Tinto Executives with transparency and cost oversight into its acquisition of Alcan. Implemented all HP PPM modules (except deployment management) for 20,000+ users. Brought on Rio Tinto Alcan as a SaaS client for Accenture. Transitioned client environment to operations support team and owned development for the client (Lead Developer). The client was based in Switzerland and this was a

100% remote delivery.

Configured custom attribute-driven Portfolio and Program Management over HP PPM for different business units. Customized Project Management through needed integrations with external systems, as well as developed the Project workflows for alternate Project Types. Configured Time Management for groups and



provided custom client specific Project Financial Management (including Foreign Exchange Rates and custom cost calculations).



HP PPM Developer/Consultant, The Hartford (Dec 2006 – Jun 2007)

Project 1: Converted 13-15 business processes into a standardized project request process. The engagement required development of the standardized and centralized process for all Business Units and was heavy on integrations and segmentation of data for groups. HP PPM Portlet development and excel reporting was also on the list of top priorities for the project.

Project 2: Required performance tuning and enhancing custom asp reporting application to aggregate HP PPM proposal and project data for upper management.



HP PPM Developer, BP (Jul 2005 – Nov 2006)

Supported Accenture in providing a SaaS HP PPM environment for Contract Lifecycle Management of a 10 year engagement with BP. HP PPM was utilized to manage changes and releases for BP applications in scope (primarily SAP), with a strong emphasis on SLAs implemented over processes to measure timely delivery of changes by vendors (Accenture, Other), as well as bottlenecks (applications, changes, vendors). Project Management, Demand Management and Deployment Management (SAP) were the primary HP PPM modules managed over HP PPM. In addition, Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and Contract Management was also administered over HP PPM.

Implemented complex 200+ workflow steps process to manage changes (bug fixes, enhancements, projects,

other), and tie changes to releases (HP PPM Release Management). SAP object deployments were also managed (automated) through SAP integration with HP PPM change requests. Deployed SLAs based on global time zones within critical processes, capturing response time, completion time, rework, and SLA violations. Supported time management for 20,000+ BP and Accenture users. Also performing system administration, base and advanced configuration, database integrations, and user training and enablement.



1\n
Parag Salgaonkar
8125 48th Ave #615, College Park, MD 20740 | (240) 758-1159 | paragsal@terpmail.umd.edu | https://github.com/paragsal
Education
 Master of Science – University of Maryland
Telecommunications Engineering - 3.67/4
 Bachelor of Engineering– University of Mumbai
Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering - 8.11/10

Expected May 2018
May 2016

Technical Skills
 Programming: Java, JavaScript, C, C++, Python.
 Networking: TCP/IP, UDP, IPv4, IPv6, DNS, HTTP, FTP, OSPF, BGP.
 Web Development: HTML5, CSS3, PHP, Bootstrap, MySQL, Drupal CMS.
 Tools: GitHub, Eclipse, Wireshark, VPN, PuTTY, Mentum Planet, MATLAB.
 Proficient with Windows, Linux and Mac OS operating system environments.
 Comprehensive experience with Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe Photoshop and Flash.
Work Experience
Aarya Technology – Summer Internship
May – Aug 2013, Dec 2014 – Jan 2015
 Streamlined and re-engineered the Home Automation systems offered by the company which resulted in 20% increase
in customer satisfaction ratings for the product.
 Called by the company again, to work with the same clients to customise the system as per their requirement.
 Solved technical queries of the employees and assisted the Technical Supervisor in troubleshooting problems.
 Designed a website for a local school using Bootstrap template, customised the pages using CSS and JavaScript.
Projects
Distributed Networking application for client-server data transfer using UDP sockets in Java
Dec 2016
 Developed a distributed networking application in Java to establish reliable data transfer operation between
a client and a server using UDP sockets (classes DatagramPacket and DatagramSockets and their methods).
 Implemented Integrity Check, timeout and retransmission functionalities for the data packets to compensate
for the unreliability of the UDP services.
AWS/PCS Cellular Base Station Deployment over Washington DC and its Suburbs
Dec 2016
 Strategically deployed 25 base stations in the area and provided GSM coverage using Mentum Planet.
 Provided LTE coverage to the University of Maryland campus using 4 base stations to ensure a minimum data rate of
2.5 Mbps, and computed interference analysis due to neighbouring microwave links using Poseidon.
File Transfer Application for Secure Banking using Visual Cryptography
March 2016
 Developed a program for securely sharing sensitive information such as financial transactions and personal
data between a bank and its users by embedding the data inside a host file/image.
 Improvised the existing cryptography technique by adding time constraint over the encryption which resulted in
having an added layer of security.
MATLAB test simulation for Pulse Width Modulation (PWM)
Dec 2013
 Improvised the efficiency of Pulse Width Modulation code by 15% to optimise the power required and performance
throughput of applications like DC motors and low power micro-controllers.
Honors and Accomplishments
 Organized a marathon for the “Teach for India” initiative – a national non-profit organization in India.
 Received a scholarship of INR 80000 from University of Mumbai for being in the top 1% of all the successful students.
 Stood 1st in the intra-school Chess competition and won two Gold medals in 100m sprint.
Relevant Courses
 Networks and Protocols I and II
 Computer Communication and Telecom Networks
 Wireless Networks
 RF modelling and antennas






Optical Communication and Networks
Internet and Voice Communication
Structured Programming Approach
Microwave and Radar Engineering

\n
Maithreyi Chander



Core Competencies:



Initiative

Achievement/Result Orientation

Work as a Team

Problem solving and analysis

Attention to detail

Quick Learner



Work Experience:



Paradyme Management Inc.                                                                                                September 2014 – present

	Consultant

	     Key Work Experience:

Provided weblogic server administrative support for the US Census Bureau Enterprise Service Oriented Architecture project

	

	



Samsung Electronics India Pvt. Ltd.							June 2010 – May 2012

	Software Engineer

	

	Key Work Experience:

Developed region specific features (South West Asia region) and applications in the message module (SMS, MMS, Email) of Samsung Handset Platform (SHP) based mobile phones. 

Debug and fix bugs reported in the message module of SHP based phones.

Coordinated with counterparts worldwide to handle market releases of mobile software for the South West Asia and Middle East Asia Regions. 

Handled the integration, testing and release of IMEI tracker feature in the South West Asia region for SHP based phones.

Developed an application “Mind Hunter” for the BADA App Contest which was successfully registered in the sellers website.

Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio, Perforce, Trace 32, BADA SDK, Android SDK, C++













Robert H. Smith School of Business						November 2013 – May 2014

	Drupal Website Coordinator

	Key Work Experience:

Managed school’s new Drupal based website to update with latest news and events.

Coordinated with various departments in the school to update corresponding department web pages.

Provided Drupal training to staff and faculty. 

Environment: Drupal, HTML, CSS

	







Projects:

System Analysis and Design - Shop Quick				                         January 2013 – May 2013

	University of Maryland, College Park

Designed a prototype for an information system that would enable customers to easily locate items in a store using an interactive touch screen mounted on the shopping cart. 

Developed context diagram, UML diagrams, ER diagram to model the software development of the system

Environment: SDLC, Balsamiq, UML, ER Diagrams



Website Redesign - Craigslist and Stand up for democracy	                                        January 2013 – May 2013

	University of Maryland, College Park

Redesigned Craigslist website to increase user experience and rate of precision using Axure. Demo

	Redesigned standup for democracy website based on the principles of information architecture to strongly convey the objective of the organization using Joomla CMS.

	Environment: Javascript, HTML, CSS, Joomla, Axure

	

Enterprise Risk Management- Angarai International	                                                      January 2014 – May 2014

	University of Maryland, College Park

	Conducted market research to identify and compare Enterprise Risk Management software products.

	Performed gap analysis to identify gaps in the existing system and discover opportunities.

	Provided recommendations and detailed documentation to the sponsors.

	Environment: Risk Management, Interviews, Survey



Strategic Business Management – CAPSTONE Simulation	                                        January 2014 – May 2014

	University of Maryland, College Park

	Managed a million dollar Sensor Company by applying strategic decisions in the areas of Marketing, R & D, Production and Finance through online simulations using CAPSTONE tool.

	Conducted extensive analysis of industry reports to assess market conditions to execute decisions. 

	Environment: Capsim Simulations, Microsoft Excel

Education:

Masters in Information Management

University of Maryland, College Park



Bachelor of Technology in Computer Engineering

National Institute of Technology, Kurukshetra, India





Skills:

																Languages/GUI 			  SQL, MySQL, MS-SQL	

				Web Technologies  			  JavaScript, PHP, HTML, XML

				Programming Languages                      C, C++, Java

				Modeling Language/Tool                     UML

																Industrial Database                               Oracle 11g

Analytical Tools                                      SPSS, Microstrategy Analytics Express, Microsoft Excel

Project Management                             MS Project, Smartsheet

																Bug Reporting Tool                                ClearQuest

		Content Management Systems           Joomla, Drupal, Twitter Bootstrap				

		Wireframe Tools                                     Axure, Balsamiq

		Mobile Development Tools                  BADA SDK, Android SDK 

Platforms				   MS-DOS, OS/400, UNIX, Windows NT/2000/XP/2003/7/8

Version Control Tools		  Perforce

	Others                                                       Oracle Fusion Middleware 11g				               MS-Office, Trace 32, Microsoft Visual Studio, Morae Manager





	Maithreyi Chander	                                                  Paradyme Management Inc                                                  1



Maithreyi Chander	                                                  Paradyme Management Inc                                                  3



Maithreyi Chander	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 3 of 3\n
Matthew Marchione                           4617 Norwich Rd, College Park , Md 20740

	  (203)885-3428   mmarch4@umd.edu

	

EDUCATION



		University of Maryland, College Park                                                                                College Park, MD 

		Candidate for Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics	   	  May 2018 Concentration: Economics 	   

		Minors: Chinese	

Awards and Activities: Sigma Nu Fraternity Social Events Chair, Sigma Nu Homecoming Events Chair, Intramural Basketball and Football



EXPERIENCE

Morning Brew 										College Park, MD

Brand Ambassador									    October 2016 – Present 

Utilize Greek network and other diverse connections to market company and increase the subscription base



University of Maryland -Department of Athletics                                                                College Park, MD                  

	Operations Assistant                                                                                             September 2015 – December 2015                                    

Set up equipment needed for athletics events                                                        

Supervised public at athletics events to maintain orderly conduct

Lead Operations team during shifts 



	Silver Spring Country Club      	Ridgefield, CT

	Head Bag Boy                                                                                                               May 2013-September 2014

	Managed members’ golf equipment and golf carts 

	Sold golf and club merchandise in the pro shop 

	Provided services as needed to members

	Ridgefield Hardware  	Ridgefield, CT

	Sales Associate                                                                                                               October 2012 – May 2013

Determined customers individual needs 

Recommended new products to customers 

High level of customer service expected at all times 

	



LEADERSHIP AND VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE

Sigma Nu

Homecoming Events Chair

Budgeted funds given for the Homecoming week 

Planned and set up all events for Sigma Nu





	Appalachian Service Project 	 Ridgefield, CT

	Participant and Crew Leader	                    July 2010-2015

	Repaired the homes of families in financial crisis in rural Appalachia

	Administered tasks to crew members and taught construction skills



SKILLS AND INTERESTS



Computer Skills: Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access, Social Media (Facebook, Twitter)

Interest: Hiking, Reading, Running, Basketball,\n
OZODA USMAN
Washington, DC; P: (202)704-9952; E: Ozus.tech@gmail.com
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OBJECTIVE:
Legal Professional with 9+ years of experience transitioning to IT field.

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS:
ASM EDUCATIONAL CENTER | Security+ Training
PER SCHOLAS NCR | A+ Certification
BYTE BACK ACADEMY | Microsoft Excel Specialist Certificate
SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY | Advanced Computer Applications in the Law Firm
TASHKENT STATE INSITUTE OF LAW | LL.B. Major in Jurisprudence, GPA: 3.89

2016
2016
2016
2012
2007

SKILLS





Troubleshoot Desktop PC’s, Mobile Devices, Printers and other Peripherals
Software and Hardware Installation
Lexis Nexis and Westlaw certified
Excellent Communication and Customer Service Skills

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Legal Experience (Contract Assignments)
Legal Department at Yahoo! Inc. via Nelson Legal, Nelson & Associates, Sunnyvale, CA
Mary Alexander & Associates, P.C., San Francisco, CA
Alex Seddio & Associates, San Francisco, CA
Tashkent International Embassy School, Tashkent, Uzbekistan





2007-2013

Extensive experience with legal database management
Produced responses to 45-50 subpoenas and search warrants in compliance with law enforcement requests to
assist in the investigation of internet child exploitation and immigration fraud cases
Performed legal research on key issues relating to the viability of claims in a complex construction matter 
Conducted fact development using public records and media materials to permit attorneys to determine case
strategy 

Universal Protection Services, San Francisco, CA
Field Training Manager





Conducted specific site related training for officers at their assigned job location to cover all facets of the officers’
duties and responsibilities
Ensured security officer compliance with all policies and procedures directed by the client and the company
Assisted Branch office personnel with payroll input, uniform inventory and re-supply, inspected company
equipment and vehicles for damage, excessive ware and ensured all required maintenance is completed

Gulyamov and Partners LLP, Tashkent, Uzbekistan
Attorney at Law




2011-2012

Identified, summarized, and made recommendations on legal issues critical to case strategy 
Advocated on behalf of clients in all stages of the litigation process 
Represented clients in the court

LANGUAGES:
Fluent: Russian, Uzbek, and English

2005-2007

\n
SURABHI.S.TAMBE
8125 48th Avenue, APT#221, Room #B, College Park, Maryland, MD-20740
stambe@terpmail.umd.edu
https://www.linkedin.com/in/surabhi-tambe-a666b7b3
Cellular phone: +1 (240) 413-3130
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park, United States
Masters in Telecommunications Engineering (MS-ENTS)
Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute (V.J.T.I), Mumbai, India.
Bachelors of Technology in Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering

Expected: May 2018
May 2016
GPA 7.74/10

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Networking Skills: TCP/IP, IPV4, IPV6, UDP, DNS, HTTP, ARP, DHCP, NAT, ICMP, RIP, OSPF, BGP, EIGRP
Programming languages: C++, Java, Python (intermediate level).
Microprocessors and microcontroller: 8085, 8086, 8051
Softwares: Eclipse IDE , MATLAB, Simulink, Arduino UNO, MS-Office, Analytic Solver platform for MS-Excel.
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Centre for Excellence in Telecom Technology & Management (CETTM), MTNL, Mumbai, India
Summer Trainee
 Worked on: OSI layers, PSTN overview, Mobile technology, broadband architecture, sub-netting modules.
 Hands-on training in implementation of IP addressing technology.
 Certification in Converged Communication technologies.

June 2014

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Design & implementation of a Java based distributed networking application
Oct 2016-Dec2016
 Built a Client – Server model for User Datagram Protocol with Socket Programming using JAVA API’s, for file transfer and
displaying requested temperature measurement values sent by the Server to the Client after a successful Integrity check.
 Implemented a reliable data transfer protocol technique over the unreliable User Datagram Protocol at the transport layer,
where reliability is instigated by a defined data transfer protocol- Stop & wait algorithm structure that integrates use of
integrity check, timeout procedure and retransmission.
Truly Responsive Image processing API service
Dec 2015- April 2016
Final year project
 Python enabled API service for Client and Server will reduce data consumption by detecting screen size, scaling base image,
caching it, and serving the responsive image by reducing no. of pixels for various viewport sized devices.
 Used concepts of HTML, CSS and SQL for database caching and service provision.
People Tracker: a device for tracking missing people in crowded areas
Jan-2015
 Conceived and designed a prototype of a tracking device using GSM SIM300 module, SIM card activation and tracing
using AT commands for sending and receiving SOS text messages to/from GSM modem which returns approximate coordinates of a lost entity to estimate its location.
Color detection and Reproduction module
Dec-2014
 Conceptualized and developed a zero-cost virtual color sensor with 95% accuracy using Image processing toolbox in
MATLAB & Arduino UNO controlled hardware system which can be used in dyes and paint industry.
TECHNICAL PAPER PUBLICATION
“Understanding Virtual Local Area Networks”
International Journal of Engineering Trends and Technology (IJETT)
www.ijettjournal.org. published by Seventh Sense research group.
 Provides insights on providing segmentation on large LAN network to reduce traffic congestion .

July 2015

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES & LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE:
 Student Ambassador @TSAN (Telecommunication Student & Alumni Network) at University of Maryland. 2016-2017
 Volunteered for Teach for India to conduct one-day workshops on English grammar and Fundamental Math using visual
aid at several schools.
Dec 2013- Jan 2014
 Event Manager, Student Co-ordinator and Department head for organizing various cultural activities at Undergraduate
institute –VJTI, Mumbai, India
Dec 2012- Dec 2013

\n
Cameron Somers
781.915.8582 | csomers515@gmail.com 20
Leonard Road, Sharon MA, 02067

EDUCATION
University of Maryland | College Park,

September 2013 â December 2016

Major: Candidate for B.S in Economics, Concentration in Finance and Data Analytics, Minor in Entrepreneurship Tech
Cumulative GPA: 3.75/4.0
Awards: Deans List, Keller Family TerpStart Endowed Scholarship in Economics

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
AXA Advisors
Financial Consulting Intern
2016
Analyzed financial information obtained from clients to determine strategies, products and services to help clients meet
their financial objectives
Provided information/education to clients about the purpose and details of financial products, services and strategies.
Built and maintained client base, kept client plans up-to-date and acquired new clients on an ongoing basis
Provide knowledgeable, objective financial guidance and customized strategies to consumer segments that demand high
quality service
Shadowed and assisted senior associates with creating financial plans

-

Health Policy Associates, Westwood, MA
Research/Data Analysis Intern

2015

Delegated duty of research for clinical trial management system that critically served over 25 of the companyâs clients and
created both time efficiency and enhanced savings.
Conducted Extensive work with Excel, Entry point, and Tableau for the use of quantitative analysis
Collaborated with the Vice President of the Company in learning and performing C+ coding for the companies database to
extract relevant data for analysis

-

Flora Cause, Sharon MA
Financial Intern
-

2013-2014

Analyzed hundreds of vendor transactions, including purchase orders totaling over $75,000, package lists and invoices, and
worked directly with the Controller to identify discrepancies and pay off vendors
Cooperated with the CFO to update the payroll tracking and reporting MS Excel model
Performed bank reconciliations, identified and corrected bookkeeping and accounting errors
Developed strong communication and sales skills from various sales pitches and selling at vendor locations

-

LEADERSHIP AND ACTIVITIES
Delta Tau Delta | University of Maryland
Vice President / Founding Father
-

2015

Presided over weekly Administrative Board Meetings to discuss budgets, fundraising events, philanthropy events,
Coordinated with the Treasurer and managed a Budget of over $60,000 through efficient allocation of resources

-

Acquired legal status with the IRS and developed payment plans for over 70 members for assigning and collecting dues
Lead meetings with the finance committee, reviewing past activities and setting goals for the future

ADDITIONAL SKILLS AND INTERESTS
-

SPSS statistical analysis, STATA, and Basic SAS training
Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Power Point, Entry point
Tableau
Began C# and C+ coding training
Sports. Public Speaking, Writing, Debate, Poker

\n
Alecia Randall 



  Professional Profile 

Accomplished system testing professional with broad-based experience spanning requirements analysis, configuration management, database analysis, and testing of both hardware and software solutions.  Collaboration along with strong leadership and results-driven methods to produce contract success and exceptional customer relations.   

Security Clearance: Public Trust – Census Bureau active since 2005

Experience

Senior Software Tester, Cyberdata Technologies (Census Bureau Client) 

Application Development and Services Division (ADSD) Program

Herndon, VA



Supports the enterprise testing services branch to meet the client needs to include, supporting their Field Representative Laptop System (FRLS)

Analyze requirements and provide input from systems analysis as well as test perspective during the development of user stories.

Develop through collaboration with extended team members, test plans and test scripts.  Execute on those plans and provide feedback to project teams on progress and quality. 

Meet weekly with Stakeholders, Project Manager, Sponsors on existing and upcoming projects.

Gathering requirements to provide feedback on projects. 

Report on and maintain tests and execution results in ALM for status updates.  

Collaborate closely with end users and assisted with the development of use cases and acceptance criteria.  

Assist users with data creation and validation during User Testing Phase.

Develop system performance baselines and benchmarked each system release against baselines.  Provide feedback to teams on possible areas for improvements.

Create and track to closure CRs (Change Request) and DRs (Defect Reports Request) utilizing SBM.

Stage files and deploy them to the production environment to enable the end users to pick up their assignments and surveys for work.

Image and set-up laptops for systems testing, verification testing, and training.

Coordinate with Release Manager on upcoming Sprint releases to all test environments.

Test patches, configuration changes, CBT’s, and Manuals updates to HP Elite Book laptop. 



Test Engineer III, Serco, Inc. (Census Bureau Client), Technologies Management Office (TMO)                                                   

Reston, VA



Supported TMO and the Software Testing Team(STT) with testing of various surveys and software updates to the end client devices.  

Reported test results and documented all defects revealed during regression, integration, user acceptance, and functional testing.

Analyzed all requirements for Field Representative Laptop System (FRLS) 

Developed test plans, test scripts, and test scenarios.

Collaborated with development and operation teams to troubleshoot issues during development and system deployment.                                                                                                       

	Created and tracked to closure DRs (Defect Reports) and CRs (Change Request) utilizing SBM. 



QA Tester, Bart and Associates (Census Bureau Client), Administrative & Management Systems Division

McLean, VA



Supported AMSD and their Commerce Administrative Management System (CAMS) testing Census Developed Financial Reports and Core Financial System.

Wrote test scripts and documented all defects found within each system.

Reported all test results to the Test Team Lead for their review.

Collaborated with development and operation teams to troubleshoot issues during development and system deployment.                                                                                                        

Created and tracked PTRs (Problem Tracking Reports) to conclusion.



Software Tester, Unisys Corporation (GSA Client), Solutions Consultants GSA/FAME TO2 Support

Arlington, VA



Supported the client needs to overhaul and improve, the performance of the Government’s online store for federal workers, to include, a total application workflow changes for how employees assessed the store, searched for, and purchased supplies. 

Tested and validated six applications including Advantage, e-Library, e-Buy, GSA Global Supply, Air Force Advantage, and DOD Virtual IT Marketplace (VITM).

Tested software applications using SQL and UNIX commands to access, manipulate, and analyze web-based applications in order to uncover system related defects within a 95% or better accuracy rate.

Reported all test results to the Test Team Manager.

Developed schedules to allow efficient use of resources while testing several simultaneous software releases on different configuration systems.

Coordinated and monitored pre-test activities with test team RTM, test plans, test procedures, and test scenarios.

Attended client meetings and served as acting manager in their absence.

Member of the SEPG team that created Policies, Procedures, Work Flow Processes, and Plans for TO2 and FAME.

Mentored new team member/testers.

Created training material to train test team in preparation for CMM Level 2 Certification.



Documentation Specialist, RS Information Systems (GSA Client), Vendor Support Center (VSC)                                                                                      McLean, VA



Provided overall planning, designing, and writing of training manuals.

Submitted drafts to the Subject Matter Experts (SME) for editing and final approval of manuals.

Updated new sections of the Standard Operational Procedures (SOP).

Worked with developers, analysts, system architects, and client representatives to create and maintain user guides, installation procedures, status reports, and training materials.



Jr. Web Developer, Information Management Consultant, Inc. (DOT Client), 

National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA)

McLean, VA



Developed, tested, and maintained intranet and internet web sites.

Analyzed user requirements and design documents.

Provided feedback and reports to Government Liaison.

Used text editors such as Text Pad, Home Site, FrontPage, and Cold Fusion Studio Markup Language.

Created and maintained Microsoft Access databases.

Generated and edited Adobe Acrobat Portable Document Format (PDFs).



Education



AAS, Computer Systems and Networks

Wilson Technical College 



Awards 



UNISYS, Silver Recognition Award, 2004

UNISYS, Certificate of Recognition Award, 2003

Air Force Advantage Rollout, 2002

GSA, e-Buy, Deployment Award, 2002



Professional Training 





ALM Training

SBM Training

VDI Training

Title 26 Training

Ethics Training

GSA FAME Task Order 2 Diversity Training Awareness Seminar

MS Project 2002 Level 2

Basic Privacy Training

GSA FAME TASK ORDER 2 Department Overview CMM Training

GSA FAME Order 2 CMM Overview Seminar

Peer Review Training

Integrated Quality System (IQS) Product Quality Assurance Training





Technical Skills 



Domain Expertise & Solutions

Test and Evaluation

Quality Assurance

Software Engineering Process Group (SEPG)



Databases

Oracle, Sybase, MS Access


Hardware

Sun IBM Clone PCs, IPads, Surface


Operating Systems

MS Win 10, MS Win 8, MS Win 7, Mac 10.X, IOS, Android


Issue Tracking

SBM, PVCS Tracker 



Testing Tools

HP Test Suite – (ALM, Quality Test Center, WinRunner, Quick Test Pro)



CM/DB Tools

SQL, Unix, PVCS Version Mgr.


Programming Languages & Tools

C, TSL – HP-ALM (formerly Mercury Interactive propriety programming language)


Office Productivity Tools

MS Office Suite, Lotus Notes, Outlook



Technical Documentation

Test Plans, Test Procedures, Requirement Traceability Matrix, Test Cases, Test Scripts, Test Reports | Performance Plans



Jane Doe	Paradyme Management Inc	        Page 1 of 5



Alecia Randall 	Paradyme Management, Inc.	Page 4 of 4\n
HARSHIT KETAN JHAVERI
4312 Rowalt Drive #202 | College Park, MD 20740 | (301) 318-2744 | harshit.jhaveri@rhsmith.umd.edu
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science - Information Systems (GPA: 3.7)
 Coursework - Business - Strategic and transformational IT, Business Process Analysis, Enterprise Architecture
- Analytics - Data modelling, mining and predictive analysis, Big data, Decision Analytics
University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Master of Computer Applications - MCA
 Self-financed graduate program by working as a Business Analyst at Palsan Business Services
Bachelor of Science – Information Technology – BS

Dec. 2016

Jun. 2012
May 2009

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

EagleForce Associates Inc, Herndon, VA





Business Analyst Intern – Healthcare Industry
May 2016-Aug. 2016
Evaluated business processes and gathered requirements for Medication Therapy Management as published by CMS
Developed strategy to provide Precision Medication suggestions based on patient insurance, pharmacy transactions and overall
profile reducing Patient’s Out of Pocket Cost improving medication adherence by 30% and minimizing insurance claims by 40%
Recommended frameworks and conducted risk analysis to develop predictive model for calculating patient Health Risk Score,
Revisit Score and Cost Class classification based on Pharmacy NDC transactions and Insurance claims data with 99.6% accuracy

Credence Analytics (I) Pvt Ltd, Mumbai, India







Software Consultant – Banking and Financial Services Industry
Sep. 2012-Jun. 2015
Analyzed and consolidated client specifications and requirements to prepare software solution documents for managing product
delivery through the SDLC; boosting customer feedback and satisfaction by 30%
Formulated process flow diagrams and work breakdown structures for complex tasks increasing process efficiency by 20%
Designed the database schema, developed a data extraction and transformation tool to enable data warehousing using Oracle
Planned, designed and consulted on feasibility analysis, risk profiling matrix for architecture framework design from client-server
to web platform discounting processing time by 60%
Managed and supervised resource allocation and scheduling for a team of 3-5 junior consultants on several projects over 2 years

Palsan Business Services, Mumbai, India




Business Analyst – Enterprise Resource Planning systems
Jun. 2010-May 2012
Analyzed business requirements to build functional requirement documents and process flow diagrams
Prioritized user stories to design conceptual prototypes and mock ups for user interface, data entry screens and statistical reports

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
 Market Analysis: Conducted detailed market analysis, identified core competencies, company positioning and competitive
advantage to recommended strategy for improved profitability and market share for the Travel & Hospitality Industry
 Technology Consulting: A data security, infrastructure risk and market feasibility analysis for the Ethiopian telecom industry
 Agile Methodology: Managed a 3 Sprint student benchmarking & rating review portal for a live client (FEA) as a SCRUM Master
PUBLICATIONS & CERTIFICATIONS
 Cloud Computing: Emergence, Evolution and Future in India
IJSER: ISSN 2229-5518 – Volume 005 Issue 6
 Database Management: A Performance and Tuning Perspective IJCIT: ISSN 2279-0764 – Volume 003 Issue 5
 Certified Business Analytics professional specialized in Customer & Operations Analytics from the Wharton School of Business
 Certified Business Strategy and Market Analyst from the Darden School of Business
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
 Led and managed workshops as committee member of Computer Society of India (CSI) Student Cell during 2009-2011
 Led operations for Toybank, an NGO helping underprivileged children by setting up monthly toy distribution drives and libraries
TECHNICAL SKILLS
 Operating System: Windows, Linux
Programming: C, C++, C#, Java, PHP, Python, .NET
 Web Technologies: HTM, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, XML, CSS
Database: MS SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, PL/SQL
 Reporting & Testing Tools: Crystal Reports, BIRT 4.2, QTP
Data Analytics: R, SPSS, Hadoop, Tableau
 Miscellaneous: MS Office, MS Visio, MS Project, MS SharePoint, StatTools, Lucid Charts, Solver, UML, @Risk

\n
Bruce Andrew Recht

Current Address                                                                                            

8300 Baltimore Ave 306C

College Park, MD 20850                                                                                        

(240) 606-5499                                                                                                   

brucerecht@gmail.com 



Objective

		To obtain a position in the business industry that helps me become more familiar with the fields of Marketing/Human Resources while pursuing a degree in Communications at the University of Maryland.



	Education

	

	Montgomery College, Rockville Campus

	Associates Degree in General Studies May 2015

	Activities: Student Business Association Member

	Honors: Dean’s List three semesters, Academic Excellence Award

	University of Maryland College Park

	Current status: Senior

	Major: Communications

	

	Professional Experience



Sales Representative                                                							      June ’16- August ‘16

	Omega Courier, Inc., McLean, VA

	   Research leads

	   Interact with clients to set up webinars and receive feedback

	   Input client data into database	

	

	Cashier and Produce Clerk                                                                                August ’13-May ‘16

	Harris Teeter Supermarkets, Potomac, MD

	  Provide excellent service to customers while working in a fast-paced environment

	  Motivate team members to work together and efficiently stock shelves

	  Lead team when managers are not present

	           

	Sales Representative                                                                                            June ’12-August ‘12

	Vector Marketing, Rockville MD

	  Made sales calls

  Used excellent sales skills to present and sell products to customers.

  Used computer program/website to enter in orders

	

	Skills and Volunteer Experience

	Volunteer Experience

	Fundraing Chair for Students Helping Honduras

	Skills

	Fluent in American Sign Language (ASL)

		Basic computer skills (Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Excel)

		

	2\n
I R Y N A      K N Y A Z Y E V A

Cell phone: 908.723.4535

Email: iryna.knyaz@gmail.com

www.linkedin.com/in/irynaknyazyeva

QA ANALYST

SUMMARY: 

Experienced with testing network, hardware, operating systems and Web/Mobile applications 

Perform Acceptance, SAT, UAT, Regression, Functional, Compatibility, UI and Usability Testing cross Windows/Mac and Android/iOS/Windows platforms including Virtual environment

Automate Test Cases, Test Suites for Acceptance and Regression Testing using Selenium

Experienced working in environment with different types of Software Development Life Cycle and Software Testing Methodology (including Waterfall, Agile, Scrum, etc)

Very good on writing test documentation such as Test Plans, Test Cases, Test matrices, Check lists

Knowledge of and work experience with gathering, analyzing technical documentation for inconsistencies, ambiguities, incomplete requirements

	Manage found and fixed issues/defects and create various Test Progress/Satus/Reports based on the Project needs 

QA experience with software and devices for analytical analyses

Excellent analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills

Communicate effectively and closely with Development and Product teams to ensure all relevant and agreed aspects of Product are implemented and checked

Flexible, Reliable, Positive person working both independently and as a strong team player

Languages: Russian, Ukrainian

US Green Card holder



TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Platforms

Windows, MAC OS X, UNIX

Mobile Platforms

IOS, Android OS, Windows

Test Automation

Selenium IDE, Selenium Webdriver, QTP

Virtualization

VMware Workstation

Programming

HTML, XML, JScript, Ruby, Unix/Command

Line, Java, SQL                                                        

Test Manager Tools

Microsoft Test Manager, SharePoint, Testlink, Jenkins                                     

Database

Oracle, MySQL                                                                                                   

Web Testing Tools

Firebug, Fiddler, XPather

Bug Tracking                                                       

Bugzilla, Elementool, Jira, MTM                        

Browsers

Chrome, Firefox, IE, Safari, Opera                                                                   

Office Tools

Microsoft Office, Microsoft Outlook,                   

IBM Lotus Note



                                                 

                                                      

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

New York Life Insurance Company, Sleepy Hollow, NY               08/2015 – Present

Software QA Analyst/Tester

Test site Functionalities, Content and Rule Validation for Insurance applications (varieties of Life, Disability, Professional, Hospital Insurance plans, etc) on multiple platforms (PCs - Windows, Mac OS  X; Mobile – iOS, Android) 

Perform Functional, Regression, Build Acceptance, End-to-End Testing, UAT on multiple browsers (Chrome, Firefox, IE, etc)

Run Compatibility and UAT on different combinations OSs and Browsers using Virtual environment 

Automate Test Cases, Test Suites for Build/Release Acceptance and Regression Testing using Selenium

Gathering, Analyze of Business and Client requirement documents for creation and execution Test Plan, Test Scripts, Test Cases and User Scenarios to provide optimal end-to-end test coverage

Report issues and keep track already fixed through Jira 

Created Test Result Reports and Issue Tracking Tickets for Project Manager

Collaborate with Business Analysts, Developer team and the Client to determine appropriate test strategies/procedures and solutions







Deloitte Consulting LLP, Camp Hill, PA   05/2015 – 07/2015

Software QA Tester

Project for Pennsylvania Department of Public Welfare

Ran System, Integration, User Acceptance Testing and TFP for Applications of Administrative Usage (Human Resources) for Win/Mac and iOS/Android/Windows platforms

Performed Back-end Testing using SQL queries

Prepared Test Data based on Test Scenarios and Use Cases

Created and executed detailed Test Cases for Web and Mobile Testing in MTM

Reported found issues in Bug Tracking System and Perform Regression Testing for fixed defects via MTM

Analyzed expected behavior of app and test results based on requirements

Participated in status meetings to make sure that testing and development teams are coordinated to report and resolve defects, if any, as well as escalate and react to risk that may arise during test execution





Los Altos Software Testing House Corp., Los Altos, CA  04/2013 - 04/2015

Software QA Engineer

Project:  Social network site - web applications with over 27 million subscribers with clearly identified interests in activism. The applications help people and nonprofit organizations to create, publish, promote online petitions and collect signatures

Wrote and executed test cases and test scenarios for member's daily activities

Performed Compatibility Testing (cross-platforms- Win/Mac and iOS/Android/Windows, cross-browsers, cross- diff. types of Internet connections, etc)

Ran Functional, Regression, and Usability testing on various mobile devices: iOS, Android, Windows

Developed and Automated Test Cases, Test Suites for Regression Testing (via Selenium)

Maintained and updated Test scripts for Automated Build Acceptance Testing

Tested the calls to web services to make sure correct data is sent to back-end via web developer tools

Analyzed log files using Unix Command line

Reported defects into Bugzilla bug tracking database

Took part in the weekly QA status meetings discussing the findings, bug fixes, latest builds; sent the status reports to QA manager



Project: Native mobile application (learning game) developed to train memory, attention, and key cognitive skills through scientific games (available in App store, Play store)

Performed Functionality testing for Mobile app such as New user experience and Registration, Navigation, Reward system, etc on iPhones, iPods touch, iPads, Android smartphones, and tablets

Created and executed detailed Test Cases for the assigned modules

Performed Usability testing (accessibility of different games, screen size, buttons, etc.)

Validated Compatibility and Application Functionality on Android and iOS platforms

Ran Perform testing for different local service providers

Tested application behavior under various interruptions: battery strength (full/medium/low), incoming calls, SMS, video calls, etc

Performed Smoke, Regression testing of weekly builds (Agile)

Actively participated in regular QA team meetings to discuss testing process and suggest improvements to the application design and features



Project: Mobile application (iOS and Android) developed to integrate the Family member’s locations along with Social network features

Created and executed Test Cases for the application components (Registration, Messaging, Events, Places)

Performed Functional, Compatibility and Integration testing

Executed Smoke, Build Acceptance and Regression test suites for numerous builds

Analyzed software failures, reported issues to Bug Reporting System

Ran Bug verification testing

Performed compatibility application testing using different mobile devices and Android Virtual Device installations

Participated in regular project team meetings to discuss testing process, business requirements, and assignments

Communicated with QA team members and developers to resolve testing issues





Institute for Single Crystals, National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, Ukraine 2004 - 2013

QC / QA Engineer

Tested the application (Web and Mobile - iOS and Android) designed to combine and manage analytical data of 1200+ new substances

Created and executed Automated Test Cases for Build Acceptance Testing (via Selenium IDE)

Ran Functional, UAT, Compatibility and End-to-End Testing

Reported and kept tracking found Defects

Performed Regression testing for fixed issues

Developed and validated of quality control methods of substances using an appropriate analytical techniques

Implemented new methods and monitored of quality of routine analysis

Designed of forms for recording, evaluation, and reporting of reproducibility and reliability data

Participated in regular status meetings testing and development teams

Prepared of support documentation, reports and certificates of product quality



EDUCATION:



N. Karazin Kharkiv State University, Master of Science with honors



EXCELLENT REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST\n
Jyothi Rayavarapu                                                                           (U.S Citizen) 	   

4523 Gaston St	                     				     (H) 703-793-3889                                        

Chantilly, VA-20151      	                                                    (M) 703-340-0275	

jyothi.rayavarapu@gmail.com

							   

		

Objective:

To obtain a challenging position in Information Technology that gives an opportunity to explore and utilize proven technical and analytical skills involved in various stages of the SDLC and to utilize organizational abilities to gain business experience and domain knowledge.



Summary

	Over nine years of experience in the IT industry, involved in analysis, design, development, implementation, testing and maintenance of application software in Client/Server, Internet/Intranet and Distributed Architecture.

	Ability to work in highly collaborative, team-oriented environment.

	Proficient in ManualTesting and Automated Testing.

	Involved in developing, executing and maintenance of Test Plans, Test Data, Test Specifications, Test Scenarios and Defect Reports.

	Proficient with testing tools like ClearQuest, ClearCase, Artisan Studio and Serena PVCS Version Manager.

	Experience encompasses software design, development and maintenance of custom application software.

	Performed all aspects of software quality assurance: Development of Test plans and Test cases, Unit, Integration, Regression, Sanity & Acceptance testing 

	Experience in Databases Oracle7x / 8i, MS-Access.

	Strong in Object Oriented Programming & Designing Distributed Computing and Web programming.

	Expert level of programming skills in SQL.

	Expert level skills on Java, Java Applets, SWING, Multithreading, JDBC, HTML.

	Familiar with popular Object Oriented Design Pattern concepts.

	Extensively used UML and Rational Rose for Object Oriented Design in real-time applications.

	Experience in Unix, Network Programming using TCP/IP, Sockets, UDP, and Threads.

	Proficient in using Waterfall and Agile methodologies.

	Excellent in problem solving, logical and analytical abilities.

	Knowledge of XML and UML.

	Good communication and interpersonal skills.



 Skills Summary

   Operating Systems : WinNT, Win2000, WinXP, UNIX

    Languages : FORTRAN, Java, JSP, Struts, EJB

  Packages : MS OFFICE

               RDBMS : Oracle, SQL, MS Access

	 Multimedia Applications:  Web Publishing, Front Page, Adobe Photoshop, and Dream Weaver.

 Tools :  JDK1.4, Eclipse, JBuilder, Rational Rose (UML), Artisan Studio, IBM Rational Team Concert

 Testing Tools : Rational PurifyPlus, Rational ClearCase, Rational ClearQuest, Rational 

                            Performance Tester, SoapUI

Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile 

Design Patterns: MVC





HP Technologies, VA						July ’12 – June ‘16

Java Developer

Worked on a project called ‘VA Enrollments/Benefits' for Department of Veteran Affairs'

Involved in the design and development of the application

Coordinated the preparation, internal and external reviews of the deliverables

Involved in supporting the Integration Testing, Regression Testing and User Acceptance testing

Involved in preparing the test data as required for testing 

Actively led two different test teams through all the testing phases

	

	Environment: JDK1.6, J2EE, EJB, Servlets, JSP,  HTML, JMS, Eclipse 4.2, Weblogic 12, Windows XP, SQL, Manual Testing, ClearCase, ClearQuest, Jazz, Rational Performance Tester, Agile



Eventure Technologies, VA						July ’11 – July '12

Java Developer

Worked on a project called ‘Memorial and Performance Usability Enhancements’ for Department of Veteran Affairs.

Involved in the Design phase of the project and created the mockups and screens and the logic that goes into the design document for the application.

Involved in coding the GUI and the backend part of several modules in the application using Java, J2EE, Struts, JSF, JSP,  Weblogic, Apache Tomcat, Oracle.

Environment: JDK1.6, J2EE, EJB, Servlets, JSP, CSS, HTML, JMS, Eclipse 4.2, Weblogic 12, Unix, Windows 2000/ NT, PVCS, SQL, Manual Testing,  JSF, Agile





Verizon, Ashburn, VA						Jan ’11 – July ‘11

Java Developer

Worked on a project called ‘Automated Promo Biller’ that is part of the VZ Billing Systems.

Involved in developing and testing of  several modules for this application using Java, J2EE, JMS, Weblogic and Oracle.

Involved in testing the GUI of the application.

Involved in writing the test cases/test scripts for the testing involved.

Involved in System, Integration and User Acceptance Testing of the application.

	Environment: JDK1.6, J2EE, EJB, Servlets, JSP, CSS, HTML, JMS, Eclipse 3.7, Weblogic, Unix, Windows 2000/ NT, UML Use Cases, PVCS, SQL.





IBM, Dulles, VA						July ‘07 – April ‘10

E2E Designer/QA Lead

Worked for a group called CTI (Cycle Time Initiative) on SE&A AT&T account.

Involved for several projects throughout the SDLC to evaluate and assess these projects for any possible defects/ risks involved up front and thereby help in delivering the final deliverable in lesser time and also achieving improvement in software quality.





Developer/Test Lead

Worked for a USPS project called SASS. Involved in development/testing of the system.

Developed and maintained Java, VB and PL/SQL applications for the domestic side of this application.

Involved in creating test scripts and scenarios for the domestic and international payment streams.

Involved in testing both domestic and international applications, validate results and analyze conformance to requirements.

Involved in preparing the final deliverables that are to be sent to the client and other interfaces involved as a part of the system integration and customer acceptance testing. 

	Environment: JDK1.6, J2EE, EJB, Servlets, JSP, CSS, HTML, JMS,  Log4j, Eclipse 3.3, Weblogic, Windows 2000/ NT, Artisan Studio, UML 2.0 Use Cases, PVCS, SQL, Manual Testing, Rational ClearQuest and ClearCase. 





Lockheed Martin Corp., Rockville, MD                                     June ’06 – June ‘07

Java Developer

Developed and maintained Java applications for a program called AFSS (Automated Flight Service Stations services) which is a product of FAA. 

Coded and implemented the application interfaces using Java Swings, HTML, CSS, EJB’s, Servlets, RMI technologies. 

Involved in identifying the Test Cases by reviewing the Use Case and User Interface specification.

Writing the Test Steps for the identified Test Cases.

Updated the Test Steps by reading the Requirement/Design documents associated with functionality. 

Testing the functionality in the FS21 Lab using the Test Cases.

Logging the defects identified in the test lab. Redline the Test Cases and update them.

Report the status to Test Plan Architecture; Make the Test Cases ready for FAT(Final Acceptance Testing) testing.

Attend the inspection on the written Test Cases and make updates based on feedback/comments.

Involved in testing several applications in the system, validate results and analyze conformance to requirements.

Implemented the GUI for the back-end applications using Java AWT and Swings.

Provided application based support, maintenance, updates, upgrades, and modifications on the code. 

Also involved in the administration of the middleware services i.e. LDAP servers and Message Broker servers used by all the applications in the company.

	Environment: JDK1.4, Java Swings, CSS, HTML, JMS, LDAP, RMI, Chainsaw, Eclipse 3.2, Sun Application Server, Sun Solaris, Windows 2000/ NT, Artisan Studio, UML 2.0 Use Cases, PVCS, SQL, Manual Testing.



Versar Inc., Springfield, VA    	                      		        May’04 – Dec'04	

Associate Web Developer       

Designed and Developed several websites for the company using Dreamweaver.

Connectivity with Oracle Database, MS-Access (JDBC) using type 1,2,4 Drivers.

Requirements gathering and documentation.

Provided Network Administrative support for the computer department.

Java, Swings, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Adobe Photoshop, etc.

Involved in day-to-day operations of Novell (4.X/5.X) network.

Use of SQL with MS-Access and oracle 7.0 to work with local database.

Involved in writing test scripts for the application and was also responsible for Unit, Integration and Regression testing of the application.

	Environment: JAVA, JSP, JDBC, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Oracle, Tomcat, JBuilder-3.5, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Windows 2000/ NT, SQL, Manual Testing.

	

	

	GT e Solutions Ltd., India			                                 Jul’99 – Jul’00

		Web Developer

	Developed an Internet application that facilitates the trade of vintage stamps. The  main features include information of main dealers, the philately terminology,  encyclopedia of rare stamps, virtual museum, price guide & comparison, fakes &  forgeries, expertise & authentication, online sale and auction of stamps. Additional features are mail server, e-mail, e-greetings, chat- rooms, and bulletin board. 

			Responsible for designing and development of the user interfaces.

			Involved in the front-end validations using JavaScript.

			User Login Registration and Authentication.

			Involved in the development of database application by using JDBC API.

			Creation of database tables with constraints, triggers, views etc.

			Involved in writing test plans and automated test cases using Rational PurifyPlus.

		Environment: Java, JSP, JDBC, Swings, HTML, CSS, Oracle, Eclipse, Windows 2000/ NT.

		

		Developed an Intranet / Internet application, which facilitates customized User Registration, Login, and mail web pages. Sender & Receiver modules work with the SMTP & POP3 protocols to handle the mail transmissions. User can setup for secure and non-secure communication using digital signatures.

		Involved in designing and development of the user interfaces using AWT and Swing. 

				Customized user login registration and authentication.

		Developed a mail client which can connect to any POP3 / IMAP server using SSL.

		Environment: Java, Swings, Servlets, JDBC, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Oracle, Tomcat, Swing, Eclipse, JBoss, Windows NT/00

		

	Microland Ltd. Bangalore, India	                                               Jul’98-Jun‘99

	Software Engineer 						               

		Learning management System is used as a template to construct instructional courses. Microland started to design and develop a product on lines, similar to Web-ct and planned to market the product to various industries seeking employee training in specific concentrations. The goal was to develop optimized and very fast downloadable modules to give the end user a real time experience while using applications like White Boards and chats. The other modules included discussion forum, online quiz modules, tracking classroom sessions, course backup, administering courses, course management, feed back for class sessions & white boards and student tracking. 

Responsibilities:

		LMS Product Design and Development.

		Installed configured and administrated IIS and made the product compatible with all kinds of browsers.

		Developed Servlets, EJB’s, JSP’s, and deployed in APACHE web server.

		Developed Stored Procedures for database query processing.

		Developed EJB’s, Servlets, Core java Components using Swings and designed JSP’s using J2EE.

		Involved in Creating EJB’s for developing business logic and database interaction.

		Used JDBC API to Connect to oracle database and also stored procedures for using SQL Queries.

		Wrote and executed test plans and test cases for testing of applications with web-based interfaces.

		Conducted internal training for employees of Microland in Java and related technologies.

	Environment: JAVA/J2EE Environment, JDK1.1.7/1.2.2, Swings, Oracle 8i, JavaScript, Internet Information Server, JDBC 2.0,Enterprise Java Beans, Servlets, Applets, JSP, HTML, CSS, JBoss, JBuilder.



Technical Projects:

Software Engineering for World Wide Web:

	Simulated a Web-Site Management System that automates the process of updating the university’s ISE (Information Systems Engineering) web site using Java Servlets, JSP, JavaBeans, HTML and XML. 

	Developed an Email Manager using Java Mail API with features to send emails with and/or without attachments. Program also manages sent and trash folders and sorts emails using various options.



Software construction - Design of Web-Based Banking Software System:

	Developed a banking software with several features like Online Account creation, make online payments, transfer functionality between accounts, apply for loans, query access to account holders etc. 

	Analyzed and designed the project using UML and implemented the design using Java and JDBC.

	Also, developed several other programs using UML, Java and JDBC such as Simulation of a Gas Station, Simulation of a Concurrent Automated Car-Wash System using multithread programming in Java.



Software Design Testing & Quality Assurance:

	Designed Requirements Model, Analysis Model and Design Model using UML

	Designed ER-Diagrams for the system initially and then developed Relational Model and some appropriate queries related to the database using SQL

	Designed a user-friendly Interface for a “Realtor Website”.

	Performed Software Testing at the Unit, Module, Subsystem and System levels. 

	Generated and Validated test data using manual and automatic techniques.

	Studied Static vs. Dynamic analysis, Functional testing, Inspections and Reliability assessment.



Computer Networking:

	Developing a Proprietary Client Server application in Network Application development using Socket programming with TCP and UDP to transfer an audio file from a client to server. 



Presentations and Publications

	Wrote Technical Research Paper on ‘TCP/IP Protocols’ as part of Computer Architecture course work.

	Wrote Technical Research Paper on ‘Capability Maturity Model (CMM)’ as part of Software Requirements and Analysis coursework.



Education

	M.S in Information Systems, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA.

	B.S in Civil Engineering, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, India.\n
513-356-9626

JIAQI LI (JACKIE)
Jiaqi.li2@rhsmith.umd.edu LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/pub/jiaqi-li/69/a75/69

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Technical:	Fluent:	SQL/	Excel	|	Intermediate:	R/	Spark/	HTML/	Agile	Scrum		|	Basic:	Python/	Hadoop/	Tableau/	Shell	Script	
Other	Skills:	Financial	Analysis/	Statistical	Modeling/	Predictive	Analysis/	Accounting/	Teamwork/	Self	Motivation	
EDUCATION
Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Master of Science in Information Systems, GPA 3.3
Carl H. Lindner College of Business, University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, OH
§ International receiver of In-state Tuition Scholarship, GPA 3.84
Bachelor of Business Administration, Accounting and Corporate Finance

2016

Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing, China

2014

2014

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

North America Industrial Investment Group, Business Development Intern
June-August 2016
n
Conducted research on the investment projects regarding the medical industry.
n
Participated and served an active role in the negotiation for facilitating the collaboration between the advanced medical
techniques owners, investors, and leisure resort providers.
Deloitte Forensic Data Analytics, Shanghai, China, Intern
June-August 2015
§ Collaborated with Forensic Data Analytics teams from Hong Kong, Beijing, Shanghai, and U.S.
§ Analyzed and assessed data in Excel and SQL Server to detect potential forensic accounting problems or errors. Investigated 1,000
cases based on phone numbers, texts, and transaction records.
Accenture, Beijing, China, Intern
March-May 2015
§ Analyzed the key financial performance metrics for six industry-leading companies and visualized financial data.
§ Wrote part of the proposal for Accenture’s bid on the SAP	HANA application project.
University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, OH, Peer Tutor
January-August 2014
§ Led peers for improving study behavior and academic performance. Communicated on critical habits necessary for students to succeed.
PwC Advisory, Beijing, China, Intern
§ Conducted industry researches on tax and business government regulations and laws.
§ Collaborated with teams and clients to work out best solutions for tax minimization.

June-July 2013

PROJECT EXPERIENCES
Stock Market Analysis –- Data Mining Project
March-May 2016
n
Used R to clean up original data set by combining useful columns and transform data types. Analyzed cleaned dataset through
different R packages and data-mining methods including Time Series, CART, Random Forest, Logistic Regression, etc. to find
out the most accurate way to explain transaction fluctuations and predict the next-day stock market performance (rise or fall.)
n
Visualized and compared predict accuracy by prescribing ROC curve, R square, MSE, and real-world market information.
Big Data Analysis - Reddit Comments
March-May 2016
n
This project focuses on data cleaning, information extraction, and comment predictive analysis using approximately 1.7 billion
publicly available comments of 30GB dataset combining numbers, time, and text from Reddit, which is an online community.
n
Tools: Pig and Spark to do the word frequency counts, R to predict through logistic models, Python to find out historic popular
topics, AWS, and Zepplin to visualize results.
Just-In-Time Promotions - Internet of Things Solutions using Agile
March-May 2016
n
Using Agile Scrum Method to assist in the development of the system, gathered user requirements, and formulated user stories to
produce a product backlog. Helped team design relational database using ER diagram and SQL.
n
Designed whole UI part by using HTML and CSS.
Database Management Systems Design and Implication
October-December 2015
n
Used relational database design techniques, SQL, and C# to design and build a real-time information system application for an
auto-parts retailer.
ADDITIONAL INFORM ATION
Beta Alpha Psi, Cincinnati, OH
2013-2014
§ Built relationships with members of Fortune 500 companies to provide students with networking opportunities.
Young Volunteers Association of BJTU, Beijing, China, Director
§ Motivated team to improve participation in volunteer activities and coordinated community service projects.
Business	Negotiation	Competition	of	BJTU,	2012—First	prize	
Business	Strategy	Design	Competition	of	BJTU,	2012—Second	prize,	team	leader	

2010-2012

\n
